Dear ██████████,

You want to understand the Archetypes? These beings are the manifestations of the conscious and unconscious mind. They live beyond corporeality and manifest from every mind that believe in them. The concept of 'time' isn't present to them for they are timeless. There could be one or their could be infinite numbers of such creatures.

Demons, Angels, Gods, and Goddesses, doesn't matter what you call them. They are created from our own AXIM. The human mind, a rudimentary prediction tool. It purely uses shapes and models to identify prey or predator, evolved from merely predicting where the spear would land, to the mechanics of a watch or how to effectively reach fission thresholds with the right material. Even now you, without realizing it are processing more hundreds of thousands of shapes a second.

Some where a long the way, maybe when we developed free will? Maybe the cost for free will was our minds awakening our AXIM. Creating these beings that exist in our religious texts. That both do not exist, but still effect the world we reside in. Could this be the reason for our free will? Are we just another manifestation of an unconscious or conscious mind? But even now we see ourselves inferior to the beings we create in our own stories. Would someone that thought of us feel the same way?

Ah, pardon me, the Archetypes, allow me to explain how they come to be. The Ouroboros, a circle depicting the serpent eating its own tail. Did you know three different cultures had the same idea for this at points in history where it would have been impossible for the others to have know about it? The thought that the mind of one person has an idea so powerful that it beats all odds and transcends time itself forcing others to remember it. To keep in their skull.

That is the nature of Archetypes. Ideas of beings or concepts that permeate the world they reside in. Shaping them, changing them without much interaction. One man imagines a tiny woman that floats with wings and uses his rose garden as a bed. Suddenly, the whole village witnesses seeing the same creatures, naming them Pixies and Fairies, and so the Archetypes are born.

If you have anymore question, don't hesitate to ask.

Your friend,
Dr. Eyal
