The long, fold-out table with a faux woodgrain top and a scuffed plastic feeling cut the 
room in half. It was a small room, technically a basement, with no windows and substandard 
ventilation, but it housed the space where the Housing department met every workday. The 
foreman, the leader, the boss: the white-shirted man was sitting on an office chair, facing 
towards the center of the room, he was busy at a portable terminal resting on the table before 
him. The blades of the ceiling fan cut the rays of light from the panels above with each 
quarter-revolution, producing a strobing effect. No one else seemed to care, but, standing 
across the table from his boss, Taft did.
        Taft was a resident handyman. A floating utility, his job title was “carpenter,” but really he 
couldn’t do much more than put up some drywall at best. What he actually did for The 
Department was anything that needed getting done, that he could handle. Minor repairs, general 
maintenance, painting, cleanup. There were a lot of cleanups. Today he was talking to the boss. 
Boss went by the name Ricks, not really sure why. Had to get some screws for the door seal he 
was installing.
        
        “So, em, Boss–Ricks–this seal will need some-”
        “Yeah, look, I got you some. This cup here, use those.”


        Ricks gestured dismissively towards a plastic cup containing some dusty screws, which 
Taft recognized as being pulled from a recently scrapped air conditioning unit.


        “You sure these’ll-”
        “Yep, they’re fine. Go on, man, you’ll be late. Gas guys are getting here at one.”


        Gas guys.
        The seal he was on the way to install was meant to keep in the gas that was to be 
flooded into the building. The windows were all standard and modern and kept their seal tight, 
but some of the doors were old. In lieu of full replacement, Housing fabricated a few sheaths to 
be installed as a sealant during gassing. 
        The gas was a poison, specifically an insecticide. Real nasty stuff, but it took care of bug 
infestations, such as the one in this structure. Taft was told it was an older one, built before the 
recent building code rehaul a few years back, hence the leaky doors. Taft just had to throw on a 
shield before the guys came to flood the place, and then in a few hours they’d flush the gas out 
with fresh air and the cleanup crew would be in to dispose of all the dead bugs. 
        Besides gas, they also heated the thing up like an oven. Supposedly whatever type of 
bugs were nestled in the crevices and walls of the place were then driven out or attracted to the 
warmth or something. By whatever means, it brought the things out into the rooms and halls, 
where it was easier to just vacuum them up and stuff. It made everyone’s job easier. 


        “Alright, I’ll be off then.”


        Taft took the plastic cup, a flimsy thing, supposedly disposable. On his belt was a holster, 
equipped with his screwdriver and department standard multi-purpose tool, which he tried not to 
go anywhere without. His keys were not far off from the small buttoned shut satchel, and as he 
walked, they jingled against his leg and each other.