
[EDITOR'S NOTE:
there's a piss scene like right away in this draft. 
so, yeah. i think its the closest thing to anything sexual i'll ever write
at least publically. who knows if itll make it to the final draft.]









﻿A path of ripped turf led into gravel, then jagged, loosely arranged flat rocks 
creating a sort of flat stone ground in front of the wood walled structure which 
sunk into the carved out hillside. The house had a roof of soil and grass, and from 
a plane or satellite camera it would seem as if there was no structure there at 
all–that was the intention by the three who had constructed it, one of which was 
dashing with great fervor towards it from the front end. The sun was nearly past 
the three-quarters mark of its path from east to west across the smoky blue sky, 
which bore no clouds.
        The front door, a shoddy-looking thing which did the job and no more, was 
flung open with great force by the strong and determinate arm of Rad. She was a 
woman of science, specifically engineering, and she was in a great hurry to enter 
the home she had built with her two lovers, Ezekiel and Kiana. The wooden floor 
creaked beneath the steps of her worn sneakers, evidently not used to the pressure 
of shoed feet. Under normal circumstances, she would have taken the shoes off prior 
to entering, indeed before even leaving her car, but this was a matter of great 
urgency. She barreled through the living room and then the kitchen, and without 
administering her customary knock of warning, she burst with great force into the 
bedroom.
        Kiana was stout, with strong, thick legs from their habit of walking 
everywhere. The first thing Rad set eyes on, for her eyes tended to scan the ground 
ahead of her while she walked, was those muscular heavyset legs. They were bare and 
straightened, though relaxed enough as not to lock the knees. Her gaze lifted up, 
revealing the fact that Kiana was not wearing anything below the waist, and as her 
eyes met the widely open mouth of the third occupant of the house, Ezekiel, she 
processed simultaneously the sound and sight of what was occurring before her: 
Ezekiel knelt before Kiana, his head held in place by her guiding hand, an even 
flow of slightly yellowed urine projecting into his mouth, his eyelids lulled above 
those cloudy blue eyes, and tongue hung forward in the reception of the stream. 
        Reflexively, Rad raised her hands as if to block a punch, while tilting her 
head away and shutting her eyes to shield herself from the visage of what was 
happening before her. She heard the stream cease, and in an instant, Kiana’s voice:


        “Oh, my God, Rads, it’s- it’s not, ahmm-”


        Rad spoke now:


        “Forget it, I don’t care, put your fucking pants on! We need to go, now!”


        She heard what she assumed to be Ezekiel getting up and grasping at the 
bed sheets to find his way, while Kiana pulled on a pair of pants and closed it 
with a zipping sound. 


        “Go? Go- go where? What’s going on?” Ezekiel asked, as Rad opened her eyes 
again to see him wiping his mouth with the back of a closed hand. 
        
        “The, uh, well… I can explain on the way. Grab all your shit, anything you 
want to keep. We’re migrating.”

