[EDITOR’S NOTE: reading thru this while adding formatting. Fuck it’s wordy.
Not even sure this is how Domesday’s title chapter will go exactly.
Very tentative draft as of dec 21st, 2023.]

In the low-light, specters glitter off foggy fields beyond the curbs that frame the 
street which speeds by, below, and off behind the moving car. The honest reflection 
of the right-hand mirror tells Maxwell that he’s passing by the industrial complex 
now, but he has his inner suspicions regardless. He knows it is night time, but the 
blistering shafts of light from the nearby airport thrust into the sky with such 
fervor as to light the land as if it were simply dusk again, though now the moon 
hung high in the sky, shining some light of its own, and the sun was nowhere to be 
found. As if reality itself was trying to convince him, the 8-segment clock on the 
dashboard read “02:34 AM” during his first glance down, and persisted into his 
second and third, which he performed simply to ensure it was truly the case that he 
had been driving for 16 hours. 
        Parking in an undeveloped lot off the outskirts of town, he lowered his 
head, which brought a rush of relief to his tired neck, and as he made the back 
seat of the small four-door car back into his own personal resting place, he 
quietly wished he wouldn’t stay up so late tomorrow.


Domesday


        The striking rays of the dawn warmed Max, first to a boil and then to a 
wake. Though it was winter, in temperature at least, his car functioned as a sort 
of low-grade oven when the sun beat upon it, which Max estimates may be because of 
the black paint which his car is finished with. As soon as he woke up, he was warm 
and itching, so he cracked the door to his left, (for he had been laying with his 
head to the right side of the car, and so when he sat up from sleep he was sitting 
on the left.) In the steadily increasing light of the morning, he could make out 
more details about the lot where he had parked. It appears to be the lot of an old 
abandoned store, rather than a wholly undeveloped one as he previously thought. He 
had noticed a short trench between the lot and the road last night, and a pile of 
stuff at the bottom of it, next to which was a rusty stator from an electric motor. 
The curb where he had pulled in was worn away, or more likely destroyed by someone 
to make this new entrance across the short ditch separating the road from the lot, 
which had also been filled in part with gravel and dirt. The storefront, to the 
right of the car which Max was now standing outside of, had smashed in windows 
patched with cardboard, and light graffiti gracing the front wall on the outside. A 
large sign was erected to the right of the building, but whatever it once said had 
faded, perhaps by the sun bleaching the material, or by vandals looking for 
material, or seeking a thrill. Skeletons of dead bushes wrap the right corner of 
the front of the building, where the windows are mainly intact, though covered in 
trails of water spots, undoubtedly from heavy rainstorms over the years. 
        Max turned around, and behind him, there were stalks of dead trees with a 
few stumps ground into the earth to make a clearing, as if for small vehicles to 
traverse through the wall of what was once foliage. A little bit beyond the 
opening, there was an unoccupied house made of brick, with a splintering and 
sagging grey roof. Behind the house, or to the right from Max’s perspective, there 
was a railroad track, and further down the track a large hill supporting the road 
which he had driven on to get to this lot. Under the bridge, there was a smoldering 
remnant wafting a light smoke into the air, apparently from a campfire recently 
extinguished. Max hadn’t noticed any firelight coming from below the hill when 
driving over it last night, which means it was probably a very recent fire indeed.
        
Wandering alongside the track to investigate, Max noticed something else upon 
drawing closer: the side of the hill, though the weeds and non-natives were laying 
dead from the wintery cold, there ran a complex of strawberry vines, the whole 
length up and down the hill, with many running vines reaching both up the wall 
which stood below the road bridge across the tracks, and towards the railroad 
itself and across the barren dirt which lined either side of it. Max lamented, in 
advance, the death of any strawberry vine which might wrap over the track, as 
trains do still sometimes use tracks, and would surely sever any plant which lay 
beneath their path. 

Maxwell never considered himself the thieving type. However, the bag left behind by 
whoever made this fire was clearly abandoned, perhaps due to weightiness. There was 
an increasing number of vagrants recently, many of which traversed on foot and many 
on pedal bikes as gasoline increasingly became scarce. In fact, Max couldn’t afford 
gasoline at its current price, which would be unfortunate were it not for the fact 
that he modified his car to operate off of a set of large electric motors which he 
plundered from wrecked luxury electric cars, which were hidden away in an abandoned 
dumping site further down the road from this spot. 

Assuming the bag was indeed abandoned by a foot nomad due to weight or perhaps 
disinterest, Max walked up to it, as it rested against the faux brick wall to the 
left of the railroad track. It was a canvas-type bag, a military one, or perhaps an 
imitation. Though it normally shut by means of magnetic snaps, the cover was ajar 
due to the bulkiness of what was inside, which was wide enough to stretch the bag 
beyond the point of closure. The biggest object inside was an electric vacuum 
motor, green with many wires protruding from it, and a D-shaped shaft output for 
the rotation, with a click-button locking mechanism, presumably to attach something 
to it. Further down inside the bag, there was a modified armature, with magnets 
placed at regular intervals around it, totaling six. Testing them with the compass 
he keeps handy upon his waist belt, Max confirmed they were alternating north and 
south sides. The final detail he noticed on the armature was the presence of a D-
shaped hole in its center, with the resulting hollow shaft running perpendicular to 
the overall longest side of the object. Obviously, he slid the thing onto the 
motor, and it fit, and clicked into place. The magnets almost reached the outside 
of the motor, falling shy by only about two centimeters or so. Upon observing this 
fact, Max noticed the fact that there were seven evenly spaced holes around the 
outside of the motor. 

Setting the assembly down, he searched inside the bag. There was a roughly cubic 
wooden box with a sliding lid, with the symbol for pi engraved and burn-marked on 
the top. Removing the lid, Max revealed the contents to be a couple of computer 
boards, perhaps from small electronics. To the side, there was a very old-looking 
piece of paper, which he carefully removed and unfolded. It was a bizarre size, 
nonstandard, but rectangular. On it was scrawled some rough sketching of an 
assembly, which included a motor similar to the one Max found, a modified armature, 
and a stator which slid onto seven evenly spaced sticks which were placed into the 
holes of the motor. The drawn stator looked to be a similar size, relative to the 
motor drawn next to it, to the one Max noticed earlier in the ditch. 

The drawing included, too, a web-like depiction of copper wire wrapped around the 
sticks in a constant pattern, which turned into a circular (or rather, heptagonal,) 
coil at the bottom. Arrows indicated the weaving of the wire and the sticks were to 
be placed onto the motor, above the stator and containing the armature, which Max 
assumed was to rotate and induce a current in the wire, for reasons he did not yet 
understand. 

He placed the partial assembly into the bag, along with the note and box, and 
picked the bag up by the strap, and slung it carefully on his shoulder, as it was 
very heavy. Performing one last check behind him, he walked back to the car and 
placed the bag down against the wheel. 


Pitter-patters of light snowy slush droplets flicked against the sides of Max’s 
car. He figured he should probably take shelter, but didn’t want to be cramped in 
the car- he would instead set up the tent-like solution he had come up with using 
nothing more than a common tarp and some long branches he custom whittled to this 
express purpose. There were slots in the thickest ends of the two branches, which 
held themselves in place on the roof rack mounting points of his vehicle. They 
reached forth, allowing him to use an elastic cord to affix a tarp to them, 
creating a roof. He used a large mesh fabric to create pseudo walls within which he 
stoked a Dakota fire hole. 

Settling onto a cut log he rolled over to act as a seat, he placed a metal grate 
and a stainless steel pot over the fire and began to heat water he had filtered 
from melting snow. As it came to a boil, the steam warmed his hands, and he dumped 
into the rolling water an assortment of dried vegetables from the past harvest 
season, which he had taken from various existing vegetable patches in his travels. 

As they boiled, he removed a large crystal of salt from an old pill bottle, 
crushing it with the bottom of the plastic container, and sweeping the resulting 
powder around on a plastic plate. After the veggies were done, he used a plastic 
fork to carefully remove each morsel from the water, and roll them lightly in salt, 
following which he would eat them in careful bites, trying not to burn his mouth. 

Simplistic meals were the best. As you add complexity to a dish, it becomes harder 
to understand as you taste it. Maxwell enjoyed the simple things. In simplicity, 
there is beauty, almost as much as there is within complexity- though he often 
found complex things confusing. Simplifying one’s life is easy when you start out: 
reduce your meal options to a few things. Keep only one type of sock- no mismatches 
can occur then. Live simply, and minimally- with few belongings. Just enough to fit 
in a car, with two or so bags. It made things easier and predictable.  

However, the longer you attempt to lead a simple life, the harder it gets. Things 
change all the time, and not everything can be controlled. Existence is a hectic 
dance between the sentient and the inanimate. 

        There is, too, the halfway between entities. Systems and regulations, laws, 
machines, computers, all these things are those considered by Max to be partially 
animate. They could do things, they can be active and inactive. They weren’t stoic 
as a rock is, but they aren’t sapient like a human might be. Halfway between.
