


[EDITOR'S NOTE:
"Healing of The World" is the only example of fan fiction in my drafts folder.
this was going to be a jojo's bizarre adventure fanfic, i started it in highschool.
it didnt end up happening.]

















﻿“Dude, look!”

She was fair-skinned, pretty, and wearing all black clothing (save the colorful 
slap-wristband she wore every day.) She sat down at the table, and dropped a 
plastic-cardboard CD case onto it. It folded in half, with a separate flap about a 
third of its entire length bearing two stereoscopic lenses.
10,000 Days - Tool. Marie’s latest fixation.

        Jordyn Josiah, Marie’s closest friend, had heard of this band, but not 
listened. However, now that Marie had her own copy, Jordyn postulated, she no 
longer needed to hang out for extended periods of time listening to the one 
Jordyn’s brother has.

“Oh, cool!”
        She picked it up, half-curious about the lenses, and held them up to look 
at Marie, who giggled lightly at the action.

“No, no, you have them on backwards. Look,” She took the case, holding it up to 
create the stereoscopic viewbox intended for the apparatus, and handed it to 
Jordyn.

Equipping the lenses the right way around, she viewed various images in 
stereoscopy. It was actually pretty cool, but the one image of the fetus freaked 
her out slightly and she handed it back pretty quickly. 

Marie asked “So, isn't it cool? I can’t wait to listen between classes!”

To wit Jordyn responds, “The packaging is really cool, but I’m still just not very… 
interested in that kind of music. It’s too angry for me.”

“Oh, yeah, that’s fine… But I knew you’d appreciate the packaging!”

For what Jordyn personally categorized as a “goth girl,” Marie was particularly 
cheerful, almost all the time. Nothing wrong with that, of course.

The two girls chattered on about off-topic things while minutes dwindled away, and 
finally, the first bell rang. The two parted, and as soon as Marie had turned the 
corner to go to her class on the other side of the school, Jordyn cursed herself 
internally for failing to mention the artifact she had obtained from a yard sale a 
few days before. She knew Marie well, and she’d be very interested in something so 
antique and with such a history - a brass, or perhaps golden arrowhead, with 
intricate markings and shape.
