	The ceiling, the ceiling was a white ceiling. A clean white, sterile even, with no light fixtures- though it caught and spread the shining sun well. Nameless, and bored of looking upwards, the gaze turns by a twist of the head to the right. A streaky window set before a dusty screen, revealing no sun at all: outside, if one could refer to the visage as such, was merely an extension of the interior. The outlook through the glass was a large room, a marketplace, flooded with people far away, they seemed as ants cascading in nearly ordered chaotic flow, each with a destination unbeknownst to the others. Glancing up through the pane, the source of light reveals itself, large diffused panels casting warm rays downward and evenly spread toward all facets of the sharp geometry which surrounds. Twisting, and a sure twisting it was, for great tiredness struck in feeling upon the movement, to the left were two vertical mirrors which formed a sliding closet door- an “Ah, hello…” aloud was spoken. 	There I am! An instinctive intuition told me this was a face, my face, those are my eyes, there with the faded blue, a blue like murky water. Firstly I thought that I should begin to actuate my body in a meaningful way. I braced my arms, tightening my press into the soft pad below me, which I knew was a bed. I was without cover, bare to the air of the room- arid but not unbearably dry, a comfortable coolness one could relax in for hours. From the anchored strength of my limbs, I pushed myself aloft, sitting upright for what seemed to be the first time. An ache struck, grinding inside, unsettled parts in need of maintenance. Then, the hunger set in. It was at first a typical groaning and feeling of emptiness, of need to be filled. Yet the feeling faded fast, and dull rising pain in my head began following. 
	I swing by tilting about a rotational axis centered on my rear as it meets the mattress. I sway leftwards with the motion and hover above the ground as I sit on the edge of the bed. Pushing myself off with my hands, my feet meet the ground, and as my weight departs the soft surface below and transfers to my legs, I discover the impact of gravity on a weak physical system. Giving way below my weight, my knees buckle forward and the carpeted floor approaches my vision alarmingly fast.

	I awoke again. The lights outside the window were dimmed, but the bustling noise of passing patrons remained. Still hungry, I sought to right myself upwards and succeeded unsteadily. The journey from bedside floor to doorway was arduous and long, but bracing myself on the walls helped. There was a paper note taped to the door, and this is what it said:


VOLANTRA 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING

Greetings, new maintenance personnel, and good morning!
You have awoken here, for the first time, in your apartment provided by Volantra as a condition of your employment.

Your existence is pursuant to employment under the inclusive and ample provider that is the Volantra Department of Housing.

You are a product of Genetic Excellence, prepared and accelerated to working age by the most modern and efficient technological means available to mankind!

Your first work week begins tomorrow morning, so get excited!
You will be expected at 6:45 AM at the Housing Department Center of your block, located at

10714 Square Hall, Block 3333B


You are required to adorn the Volantra Department of Housing uniform provided within your closet starting tomorrow, and every workday to follow. Instructions on equipping clothing are printed on the back of this page.

We are excited to meet you!


	Lifting the paper upwards revealed a diagram on the flip side, showing basic graphics on how to put on underwear, socks, a brassiere (which was noted as “not necessary for all workers”), a pair of shorts, and a shirt. 
	The paper below the ink print was white like the door was white, like the rest of the room was white. The ceiling, walls, and bedspread were all white, as well as the trim against the floor, which had a white carpet covering the whole thing. The silvered doorknob stood an outlier. 
Through the door which I opened, I entered a room which I knew to be a kitchen. 
	To my right was another outdoor wall, and centered to that side of the room was a dining table that backed against it, with a chair on either side. The wall bore a single pane window which appeared to have a sliding mechanism, to open upwards. Straight ahead of me was what I knew to be a stovetop and oven, below a ventilation hood. Cabinets clashed into the left-hand side of the vent, a natural wood grain against the clean white metal. The woodgrain was present below, too, lower cabinets stood bearing the countertop, to the left of the oven. 
	The empty space between the upper and lower wooden cabinets was interrupted only by a sink, which was present about midway between the left-hand wall and the oven. It was a shiny silver metal, likely stainless steel. The cabinets bent into an L shape when they reached the corner of the room, and terminated into a fridge which was standing directly to my left, against the wall which also ended just beyond it. 
	I approached the fridge, white, and stopped when I reached it. At my left now was an opening into what I knew to be a living room. It had the largest window I had ever yet seen, three equal-sized panes, the middle one stationary and the outer two sliding horizontally inwards to open. White blinds curtailed the left-hand side of the window.
	A three-seater couch, brown, sat against the wall farthest from me, which had a door I assumed was the exit and entrance to this tenement. It faced a small flat-screen television, which was off, itself sitting on a plain wooden table. The carpet was white.
	Walking to the exit door, an ajar entrance to the bathroom passed me on my right. I didn’t care to inspect it. The hallway that bore itself before the opening of the door was fitted with light grey carpeting. The walls were white there, too. I saw that I was on the highest floor, for there were stairs to the immediate left of the entryway, but they only went down. Railings erected to their sides were the same grey as the carpet. 
	I am not sure as to where I am headed, but the next step in the journey was a downward one. Followed by a few identical to that, and then a right turn, forward, right again, and down more stairs. In total there were about 16 segments of stairs, all broken up by tiny horizontal floors to allow a change in direction. On the bottom floor, there was a person, clothed in a grey shirt which bore a symbol on the top left corner, and a pair of black short pants. Their shoes were also black, with grey highlights. Spotting me, they spoke suddenly and with urgency:

“Go back up those fucking stairs and put on some god damned clothes.”

	I was under the impression that the clothing was to be adorned starting tomorrow, and each workday to follow, but the statement was a very commanding one, so I obliged, but not without an inquiry I had thought to pose to the first person I saw after leaving home:

“Where is Square Hall, Block 3333B?”

	The person shook their head, making a point to glance down, away from me. 

	“You’re not going anywhere without clothing on. You shouldn’t leave home without clothes on, under any circumstance, okay? When you come back clothed, I’ll show you to Square Hall. I was heading there myself.”

	I turned to the stairs, and rising I heaved near the top. Going downstairs was no problem at all, pleasant even, but this is simply exhausting! The carpet in my home, the white carpet is softer than the grey one which fills the hallway and covers the stairs entirely. The distressed soles of my feet were in reverence of the inviting fibers. 
	After having rummaged through the dresser and closet of my room for the clothing the instructional paper suggested, the only thing left to equip was my shoes, which I did before walking out the door and back down the stairs. The fabric against my skin was confining as well as comforting, a well-fitting hug of a textile nature.
