In the endless expanse of space and time, between arrays of systems and rogue celestial bodies, situated orbiting about a galactic center, there is an object. The object is immense in size, itself encapsulating a small star. From a great distance, its shape is revealed, a supermassive icosahedron: an approximation of a sphere, constructed of equilateral triangles connected at all edges. Within the polyhedron was a smaller, nearly identical one- and so the pattern repeated, down until nearly touching the surface of the star. The object had an interior, a barely navigable labyrinth of hallways and rooms, some full of sophisticated computers, others with desks allowing programmers and workers to access the virtual space. This leads to the purpose of the object, but before continuing, it would be appropriate to provide it a name: a Matrioshka Brain. Derived from the Matryoshka doll, an Earthen, specifically a Russian nested toy, also known as a Babushka Doll, stacking doll, nesting doll, or Russian tea doll. This object was constructed in order to use the energy output of its host star to perform immense calculations. Specifically, the computers within comprise a massive network of nodes, which together simulate entire realities. As of right now, a programmer is entering the structure to begin work.


        Long, cold lights sunken into a white foam ceiling blink to light and illuminate a sleek, scientific-looking room. Along one wall are rows of desks, all of which but one are empty. The sole desk populated by objects has strewn upon its surface sheets of paper carefully unspooled from spiral notebooks. A shut laptop sits to the right, and a few pads of graph paper to the left, one of which bears a circular stain undoubtedly from a mug of coffee.
        Ortus enjoyed coffee. It was an imported delicacy from Object 0714, a medium-sized planet occupied by dangerously stupid primates. It was the opinion of The Galactic Empire that, “...The strain of Homo Sapiens, evolved from Insulsan outliers, [was] too dangerous to keep within the confines of Civilized Space, and as such any genetic matches to their genome must be confined to Object 0714…” (Which was designated in Galactic Standard English as “Earth.”)
        Ortus walked, drowsily swaying their dry and flaky-scaly tail, into the low-level universal simulation research office. In a display of bureaucracy, this standard level of simulator was created due to the ease of universal simulation by factors such as the evolution of Matrioshka technology, the development of SpaceRift Networking, and the overall replacement of computer construction work by automated machines, which at their current rate could have the first layer of a Matrioshka brain completed within a single Galactic Quarter. This meant that, essentially, outdated Matrioshka brains were deemed unnecessary for computational work, and since you can’t exactly cart one down to the resale store, the remaining ones in frequent use were assigned to simulating universes for layman’s questions. While the top researchers and Universal programmers of the galaxy were discovering the composition of the fabric of reality and the secrets to immortality, Ortus and a few other researchers, maintenance people, and their single remaining overseer were answering questions concerning the tact of real estate placement, or the efficacy of space mining techniques, or what might happen with certain stocks on the Galactic Exchange in the coming millennia. It was all menial desk work, with a little bit of programming and sorting raw data, and it was all overwhelmingly boring.
        


Ortus had forgotten the schedule for today. As luck would have it, their co-worker walked in, (what was their name?), and spoke:
        “Ortus, the boss said nothing’s planned for this morning. New sim requests are expected around midday, though, so until then, just… act busy.”


        With no work, being busy, or even pretending presents difficulty. Small talk is a challenge when you’re the sole employee in your office space. Ortus put down the book they were reading and cracked open the terminal which was to the right of the desk. They pulled it closer to use it. For a while, they spent time simply browsing the news online, (they loved to read the news,) and when that did not stave the boredom, they decided to mess around with the simulator in its downtime. 
        Punching in some random starting conditions, they elect to take a look at one random planet, to see its evolution over time. 
“Bang.” Primordial flux. Things start to cool. Gasses form, standard procedure. Here is a mass of matter coagulating. Exoplanet. Did something strike it? Looks like it’s caught in orbit, though. A rocky surface forming. Well suited for life, judging by the icy comet that just delivered it a magnitude of water.
        Lo, life emerges.
        Ortus takes a leisurely, distant look at the timeline of organic activity on this planet. Preferring to remain above sea level, it was largely boring until the first creature stepped upon the shore of land. Thick foliage encased a largely predatorial world. Creatures evolve larger. Mass extinction, how unfortunate. Scrolling ahead anyway, as luck would have it, yes, life finds a way. Here are some interesting creatures, mammals. Bipeds appear, neat. Civility follows fire. There seems to be a lot of fighting. Indeed, Ortus regrets thinking of these beings as civilized. 
They’re certainly advancing, however, and showing signs of technological achievement. Here they’ve mastered quadrupeds, to draw wheeled carts. Skipping ahead, there are advanced tools for manipulation of matter- a staple in any scientific ladder. They find it unfortunate that such violent animals have made it so far. Maneuvering around the contents of this planet, Ortus notices almost nothing but pain and war. Regret sets in, as it always does when a simulation they started contains such torment. 
O, the suffering... Sipping the cold brew from the left hand.
Skipping around a bit through the timeline for fun. Zooming out, the tertiary galactic sector contains a multitude of other life-bearing planets. One of them…
        No, that can’t be right.


        Yet it displays upon the screen.
        
Another medium-sized planet near the edge of the sector, sprawling with cubic buildings dotted about the surface… Ortus choked on a swallow of coffee. They had been here. They lived here.
________________


The planet of Volantra is a populous and sprawling epicenter of trade in this galaxy, as tangible and genuine as the air Ortus breathes now. So how can this image, projected from a mere simulation, appear to be exactly the same? Surely it was mere coincidence. And yet, zooming into the surface, an endless field of sharp geometry in one massive, surface-panned building, the Volantran flag waves, mocking Ortus’ doubt. 


The ramifications of this start slow, a steady tide washing in and out of their brain, leaving trace ideas. First, they need to verify something. Entering temporal-galactic coordinates and hitting enter, they switch quickly to a familiar location. It appears. The Matrioshka brain they’re employed at. This simulation, if it can be called such anymore, is reality. It must be.
Ortus reels in primal and deep fear, and they’re entirely unsure of what to do next. Being not a computer engineer, just a programmer, they're unsure of the specifics, but if the simulation is identical to their own reality, or remotely close, they could assume that the spatial-computational compression schema would quickly quell any memory offshoot, but since they can't be sure, it’s risky.
While absent-mindedly pondering this, and for seemingly no reason than perhaps muscle memory from needing to inspect planetary contents often, they scrolled in to zoom anyway. Coordinates were centered on their office, so that’s what they saw.
Ortus.
Sitting, and viewing a terminal screen, which contained the very same image.
Ad infinitum. 
Assumedly, anyway.
Ortus turned around, and nearly a millisecond after, Ortus turned around, and nearly a millisecond after that, Ortus turned around…
Ortus turned back, and saw themself turning back, and saw themself turning back, and saw themself turning back…
Amid all the ideas, all the thoughts and possibilities that knowing the future could entail, knowing the galactic stocks, knowing who would die and how, and perhaps how to prevent it, knowing the fate of everything, in all these swirling ideas that had come to Ortus initially upon seeing that Volantran flag, only one single thought remained in their head.
The suffering.
That one, tiny planet with bipeds, contained so much torment, pain, and war.
Ortus saw them leave. Spacefaring brutes like that..?
They returned the viewfinder to that precious rock. 
If it was indeed accurate to their own reality, the actual timeline they had observed earlier was still underway right now. In fact, the bipeds had not even reached nearly the point observed earlier, which was later in the simulation, and thus later in reality. 
They could stop it.
They could quell the suffering, prevent it from ever occurring.
Without even planning out how, they got up and walked quickly from the room, not even pausing to bring their mug of coffee. In swiftness, they nearly knocked over a coworker. Down the halls, and along catwalks. Rattling from the footsteps, each one exchanging momentum with the metal flooring, which supported Ortus’ ascent to the parking area. 
They don't even let their ship warm up. 
Departure. Acceleration. Lightspeed. Faster, hyperspace. Arrival. 
There it is. Object 0714. Earth. 
Perhaps Ortus was used to civilized planets projecting a brakefield.
        Perhaps it was simply fate.
Whatever the cause, they didn’t slow down in time.
Only the shrapnel of carefully organized hobby projects and their cockpit, reinforced with supermaterials, made it intact to earth.
The crash concussed them, softened enough by the safe design of the capsule to keep them from dying of impact, and left them with only a scrap of consciousness. 


Climbing out of the smoldering and very hot wreckage, Ortus looked up and around.
They were in a ditch, a crater really, dug by the impact of the ship.
They couldn’t feel their arms or legs, though they still moved around. It was cold.


Wondering why movement misaligned on their left leg, they looked down. The bone was in two pieces and seemed all too eager to escape their scaly hide. Blood pooled a sickly green upon the soil below.
Ortus suddenly realizes how long it’s been since they were last on a natural planetary surface. Simulation screens were an injustice to this—the trees were leafless and beautiful, contrasting well against the shining sun. Thinking about the fractal nature of the plants, and the purity of mathematics, Ortus grew delirious. Mathematical perfection was nothing compared to the variation of the snowflakes.  
They were heaving now and had given up on trying to clamber back out of the ditch. They thought of the nature of this world, the nature that had been of the last, and the nature that would become of the next. They thought of cycles, circles, beginnings, and endings. Mostly, though, Ortus thought of home, and how much they missed it. They came to know, and in understanding, they knew. Fading thought, they recalled an ancient proverb of the Volantran people.
Understand Everything.
Ortus understood.