Part 1 intro?


It is good that the world turns.
In observation of the strikingly sharp distant clouds which hung high above, 
drifting against the currents of wind, this thought entered the mind of a young 
man, Pearson, as he walked from the back of his school, across the outdoor track, 
and began henceforth his journey East, to a new life. Lacking purpose in his small 
town in the middle of Nowhere, Wyoming, he had made the decision that now was 
likely the best time for him to become nomadic. Watching carefully his hands 
pushing through the light brush between trees, avoiding sharp thorns, Pearson 
tilted his head again to the sky. The bright blue filled his sense of sight with a 
delight of warmth, and he thought it spectacular that, by the glory of what many 
call God, the clouds flow in the sky gracefully and almost with purpose.
Pearson felt as if his life was only now beginning.






Settling down as his legs grew unstable from weariness, Pearson dusted off a 
portion of asphalt. He was following along the US Route 14 highway for about a 
month now, and it seemed as if each dawn brought fewer and fewer cars passing him. 
Indeed, the last time he could recall seeing a car in motion at all was two weeks 
ago. It was for this reason that Pearson decided it was safe to sit on the shoulder 
of the highway and rest until the sun departed its peak in the sky.

Carefully, and out of boredom, he whittled a small stick to a point. Noticing it 
was about the size of a #2 pencil, he gently broke the end off and wedged a piece 
of charcoal from last night’s fire upon which he boiled stalks of corn he had 
stolen from a farmer’s field. Satisfied with its rigidity within the wood, he set 
the crude drawing utensil down and looked up, to check the time. The sweltering 
answer to his inquiry was the sun, almost exactly overhead. Perhaps it was the 
brightness or simply the release from his occupation working the wood, but it was 
at this moment Pearson realized he was dreadfully thirsty. He felt overwhelmingly 
hot, though he wasn’t sweating very much. Worried, and in a state of near 
confusion, he picked up and continued to walk approximately east- that was when he 
noticed the flag.

Some half a mile or so down the road, there was a wooden structure erected- a sort 
of primitive thing, resembling a cell tower or perhaps an old windmill base. Atop 
it was a bright yellow rectangular flag, which bore no markings, swaying and frayed 
in the light, teased by the hot breeze which swept perpendicular to the road.

Obviously, Pearson began to walk to it. Not only because it seemed interesting, but 
also because it was right on the path he was headed anyway. As he came closer, he 
noticed the flag post was just in front of two consecutive bridges, the second one 
was running above a creek. Water!

Increasing his pace to a run, then coming back to a slow jog after realizing how 
thirsty he truly was, and then back to a walk when he decided there was simply no 
rush, Pearson noted now what he could not make out before due to the distance: a 
sign. It appeared to be a road sign, painted over white and then printed upon with 
bright red paint the words: “TRADE BARTER WATER.” Behind the sign, about fifteen 
feet or so, a section of the railing was forcefully cut and bent away, through 
which a staircase was shoddily constructed out of wooden scrap. He decided to walk 
around the road, down a hill to its right, rather than risk a collapse of the 
stairs. 

In the valley below, which was cut in half by a lightly flowing creek inhabited by 
a wooden water wheel, small wooden shops stood in rows along each hillside, many 
bearing fabric sheets with wares listed on them; Curiously, Pearson noticed no 
mention of the prices of anything offered. Obviously homemade incandescent bulbs 
were strung on the underside of the bridge, their glow nearly overpowered by the 
sun which pushed into the west, almost threatening to sink into slumber. 

Pearson noticed he was being approached by someone. He had automatically begun 
gathering water from the creek into his ample canteen, and thought suddenly that 
perhaps that was an unwelcome action in the eyes of whoever owned the source- but 
the person approaching did not seem perturbed by it. Standing up next to a wooden 
post, Pearson tried to recall how to act around others, for he hadn’t interacted 
with another human in perhaps a few weeks. His right hand brandished the aluminum 
flask he was refilling, and his left awkwardly hung there, searching for something, 
finally settling on the wooden post to his side. The post proved weak enough to 
give out beneath the weight he set upon it, leaving him scrambling in a side step 
to regain his balance, his flask sent skyward by his rapidly swaying arms. The 
person walking towards him stopped, laughing into their hands for a few moments. 


“Need some help?”


Pearson did:


“Yeah, please.”


The kind stranger helped Pearson pull a splinter from his left hand, and cleaned 
carefully his flask, before picking up the plank and commenting,


“Perhaps this is better suited for a non-load bearing task. I’m sorry.”


Pearson tried to motion as if to wave, ‘no big deal,’ but it appeared more like a 
sped-up clawing motion.


“Don’t worry about it, I shouldn’t trust random posts anyway.”


The stranger laughed.


“I’m Donna, my friends call me Na. Welcome to our little outpost. You can take as 
much water as you need, and feel free to walk around and barter and such. 
What’s your name, by the way?”


cascading yawns of concrete walls encase a large merchant route, spanning down the 
coast of what was once lake superior. sometimes i think everyone in this world is 
mad. everyone but me is mad


He pauses, looking at Donna. His eyes flitter to the right, hovering his gaze above 
her left shoulder. Beyond the line of hobbled merchant shops, an old freeway runs 
parallel to the rundown highway which crosses above this valley. 


“Pearson.”


Donna seems apprehensive suddenly, as if worrying she had upset him somehow. 




















________________


Part 2 intro


Under the heat of the sun, a muscular and fit individual wearing a damp light grey 
crop top and heavily worn beige cargo shorts is pitching clumps of plant matter 
into a wooden composting station. Their muscles, glistening and decorated with 
beads of sweat, pump vigorously in rhythmic tossing motions as part of an effort to 
remove invasive weeds from a small garden just beyond them, surrounding a 
children's playground long disused and covered in swirling vines of native wild 
strawberry plants, carefully trained around the metal bars of the construct. 

Approaching across the road, upon a sidewalk just to the side of the roaring Fox 
River, is Atticus Mange, perched atop his mountain bike which harbors a rear rack 
packed up with side-hanging saddlebags full of clothes and small possessions, as 
well as numerous spiral and composite notebooks, pencils, sliding ruler 
calculators, and mathematical textbooks. In a seemingly bizarre choice of attire 
for such a hot day, Atticus is adorned in a dark robe, flowing behind him only 
before the point it is carefully tied to the back rack on his bike, so as not to 
get caught within the rotating spokes below. 

Ahead of Atticus, the mangled remains of a metal footpath bridge thrust 
halfheartedly from the bank of the river, clearly destroyed in an act of man. This 
is not the first bridge he has seen purposefully destroyed along this river, and a 
part of him doubts it will be the last. However, beheld just beyond it and another 
which is similarly mangled, he notices the third bridge, fully intact but 
apparently heavily fortified against crossing. 

In needless haste, he begins to pedal harder, and having done so with little 
consideration for the current state of his bike chain, realizes in tune with a loud 
metallic snapping noise that he may have overstayed the previously applied bicycle 
grease’s welcome. The defeated act of his careful braking and dismounting the bike- 
taking care to remove the tie placed upon his robe- is what immediately follows 
this noise. Evidently, the individual across the road had heard the chain breaking 
and was now curiously observing Atticus, which didn’t really help the situation to 
feel any less embarrassing for him.

Even as he walked his bike, the broken chain draped carefully over the midsection 
of it, towards the bridge he had seen, Atticus was quite upset over this 
predicament. After all, what good is a bike nomad in a post-gasoline world without 
the use of his bicycle?
________________
Love Song
Part 2


        Slowed down due to his walking pace, Atticus is soon corralled from behind 
by a group of bicyclists who are all dressed in robes similar to his. This vagrant 
band of cyclists has migrated from the western border of the Anarchist-occupied 
territory which currently covers all of Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, 
and parts of all states surrounding that cluster, with small exceptions of Statist 
outposts. 

After the division of the US populace into a civil war, a few centrists formed this 
collective of hooded vagrants, seeking only occasional refuge from either side on 
their permanent pilgrimage. Disheartened due to a recent loss, Atticus had joined 
them to try and find meaning, and perhaps the occasional warm meal.

Once they had caught up to him, the hooded riding figures slowed and dismounted 
their bikes as well, and a few commented concern towards Atticus’ bike chain.

“Jeez man, slow it down next time.”
“You alright man, did it whip up and hit you?”
“Keep it walkin’ Ace, there’s a bike repair place in this town we’re coming up to.”


        At those last words, Atticus realized they were in fact approaching an 
occupied town of great breadth. Looking up and around at the buildings ahead, he 
noticed lively activity on the street, with small merchant stands deployed in front 
of repurposed buildings. 

Above the road, there were makeshift rope bridges connecting open windows, and on 
one such hanging bridge, a person was carefully crossing to the next building with 
a woven basket full of what looked like clothes. 

Further ahead, at an intersection, the metal poles which once harbored functioning 
traffic lights were now partial braces for a collection of wooden platforms, upon 
which there were tall racks drying out strips of meat and filets of fish, with a 
barrel labeled “SALT” sitting nearby. 

To his left, in the parking lot of what looks like it used to be a bank, there was 
a small flea market. While passing by a woman counting how many fish were wrapped 
in a small towel, undoubtedly trying to make sure she got her money’s worth, or 
rather the worth of her barter, Atticus realized it was very likely he would have 
to give up one of his belongings rather than some of his coin to receive a repair 
job on his bicycle. In Anarchist-occupied areas, currency of any kind has very 
little value, except for perhaps kindling in the case of paper money, or by melting 
and forging into knives or small blades in the case of many, many coins of suitable 
metal alloy.
Turning left just underneath the meat drying platforms, Atticus was the first to 
spot a chest-height wall composed of wooden boards nailed together, which were 
painted white and had “BIKE REPAIR” written on them in red paint, with a crude 
depiction of a bicycle underneath. On the opposite side of the road, the right 
side, previously a municipal center, a large concrete building with a spire 
protruding from the top was labeled “MEDICAL CENTER / CENTRO MÉDICO” in red upon a 
cloth stitching of bedsheets which were tied to the front of the white concrete 
building.

Atticus entered the bike repair construct, while the rest of the vagrants waited 
outside, none of which were seeking shade, but all of which secretly wishing they 
were, considering the sun beating upon their black hoods which only a select 
exhausted few lowered.

After entering, Atticus looked around the place. There were shelves made of wood 
planks, interspersed with shelves that were obviously bought from box stores in the 
old world. Each shelf was covered almost completely in bike parts, sorted at least 
partially by type and size. While Atticus was pondering the teeth of a derailleur 
sprocket, a woman who, judging by the oil and grease stains upon her work clothes, 
was most likely the owner of this establishment, pushed open the door on the back 
wall of the shop, that is the wall which was opposite the entrance and the door 
which led into the actual concrete building this shop was cobbled together just 
outside of. She inquired to Atticus,


“Good afternoon, how can I help you today?”
        In a reverent woe for his fallen bike, Atticus explained what happened, to 
which he received the response


“Broken chain, eh? That’ll teach you to keep it lubed up for sure!”
        Chuckling at her own comment, she dipped low to a shelf near the ground, 
her curly red hair nearly getting caught in the intricate parts on the shelves she 
passed. She retrieved a can of spray lubricant and placed it on a wooden table that 
marked the center of the makeshift room.


“Let me take a look at that chain, I’ll find a replacement. I’ll trade you a good 
chain for that bad one, and give you a free first lube, but if you want a can for 
yourself, you’ll have to barter with me. They don’t exactly make this stuff 
anymore, at least not in this part of the country.”
        
        Realizing he hadn’t lowered his hood after stepping indoors, which was 
customary for his group, Atticus quickly pulled it back behind his head, revealing 
his short brown hair and suntanned face. In doing so, he released his right hand 
which was previously holding the bike upright, and it began to fall away from him. 
He was able to grab it again before it hit the ground, however, he could not stop 
the shame from trickling down onto himself. The repairwoman only laughed and 
commented,
 “Clumsy guy, aren’t ya? First, the chain snaps riding here, and now you nearly 
turn the thing into an oversized domino. Maybe this place has bad luck in store for 
you.” 


Atticus had now noticed that the woman had a small cardboard name tag that read 
“Eva.” It was carefully laminated with clear tape and pinned to her shirt, with 
tiny drawings of flowers around the edges. Wondering whether he should introduce 
himself or not, Atticus handed over the broken chain and, after Eva had taken hold 
of it, he carefully wheeled his bike up next to the table, and leaned it against 
the side, before removing his saddlebags and holding them from a handle between the 
two, like some kind of strange briefcase.
Eva instructed him to return in about ten minutes, and he then stepped back 
outside, pulling up his hood.


        On the other side of the street, to the left of the Medical Center and 
above the riverside, most of the hooded vagrants were sitting, cross-legged, in a 
circle on an eight-pointed star-shaped pattern on the ground. Those sitting were 
eating from cans using crudely carved wooden spoons, and the rest were simply 
standing and watching the river flowing below, protected from falling only by their 
leaning upon a metal fence along the edge of the concrete walk. 

Further down the road, onto the bridge, two pavilions built into the sidewalk and 
railing on the structure itself are guarded by four people each brandishing a 
different type of gun, and what was once an open two-lane street between them has 
been blockaded by sheet metal and concrete dividers reminiscent of cold-war history 
class textbook imagery. 
Atticus’ attention is drawn from the barrier to the group of fellow nomads:


“Hey, Ace,” called a steady voice, “Come sit down, man. Look, we can eat here, see 
this pattern? It’s as if the place was made for us!”


        Levi was speaking to him. The pattern they referred to was the eight-
pointed star which was engraved, fading and chipped, into the ground. Atticus 
recalled a Mathematist ideal: “To eat and do work within a space surrounded by a 
regular polygon or polygram is the holiest way any work can be done.” The ideal was 
easily recalled, as having memorized it Atticus had little trouble remembering, but 
its meaning was always translated to more simple terms whenever he recalled it: it 
is best to do work while eating or immediately after, and it is holiest to do both 
within a drawing of a regular polygon or polygram on the ground. Mathematists were 
intimately connected to reality, which was a result of nature, and as such felt 
most secure sitting, typically cross-legged, or squatting on the bare, outdoor 
ground while eating and working.
        
        Levi was probably Atticus’s closest friend out of the nomads in this group. 
They were almost like a sibling to him, as he never had any siblings and never knew 
any of his relatives besides his father. Now, as he drew closer and saw them 
carefully polishing the button on their hand-made denim caliper case, Atticus 
thought that maybe the two would be a very good fit as siblings. They even looked 
somewhat alike.
        Levi reached their hand out, brandishing a canteen in an improvised denim 
bag. It was great timing, as Atticus just realized he was quite thirsty. The dark 
robes worn, ideally, by this sect of Mathematists were quite exhausting in the sun. 
Drinking quickly in hefty swallows, Atticus relished the relative coolness of the 
water, and after handing the canteen back, remarked on its insulating capabilities 
to Levi.


        There the group sat, none particularly willing to move on forward, as if 
tired and longing to settle. The lifestyle of nomadism was indeed tiring. In 
spirit, and in desire, Atticus yearned for constant movement. He wanted desperately 
above all things to experience as much as possible, but had to keep himself busy, 
which played nicely into his second most intimate desire: to create and discover. 
He sat down beside Levi, grazing them slightly by accident, and following a swift 
apology, he unclasped the holds on his left-hand saddlebag and removed his current 
work notebook, a yellow spiral notebook from the old world, and a binder which 
contained pages of polaroid images: streams of water, leafless trees in the 
wintertime, running coyotes, once-swaying grass tufts now frozen in ink... Almost 
all the photos he took were of nature. 
        He spent a decent amount of time looking at the pictures of the water that 
he had taken. The dusk was threatening the horizon when Eva, adorning a toolbelt 
full of bike wrenches, wheeled Atticus’ now working bike out across the road. 


        “Hey, did’ya forget about this?”
________________
Part 3 intro
