


[EDITOR'S NOTE:
this one is heavy. not written great but it is heavy. 
CONTENT WARNING: torture, blood.]














﻿“Death is as life is.
It is living to feel fear.
        It is living to feel pain.
Do you understand?
I am giving you life.”


        The voice was unwavering. That same steady, certain tone. Commanding, 
powerful, monolithic. This was a man who knew what he wanted, a man who got what he 
wanted. There was truly no way around it. 
        The man with the undeniable power was circling the other one now. The 
second man was trussed up to an antique wooden chair, the legs were unsteady and 
the thing wobbled to and from with any futile attempt to rock loose of the rope. 
        The man in the chair felt the rope with intensity. Having poor, mostly 
useless vision due to cataracts of the eyes had left him largely without anything 
else to focus on but the idea that he was bound, that he was trapped. He listened 
intently to the constant, precise rhythm of the footsteps moving about him evenly. 
They stopped just before him. The unmistakable unsheathing of a knife. The temporal 
length of the sound of metal sliding against some kind of sheath gave a clue as to 
the physical length of the blade itself. It sounded long, something around the size 
of one that would be used for splaying open a freshly killed animal. 
        The man with the knife again raised his instructive voice, it was a deeply 
unnerving tone, the kindliness of a father, but the intent contrasted this.


        “You didn’t answer me.
        I do not take well to your silence.
        Do you understand?”


        Quiet.


        “Do you understand?”


        Arid stillness.
        The distant droning of a ventilation system.
        The man sighs.


        “I am helping you.
        This is a gift.
        Remember that, okay?
        I am giving you a great gift.
        Remember that.”


        A few moments of thick nothing slogged along. The occupant of the chair and 
rope was reflecting upon his life. His partners. He missed them. His simple home, 
wooded, the feeling of the soil beneath his barefooted journeying, in hand with the 
guiding presence of his love.
        The instant sharpness of a cold metal presence shocked him to his senses. 
There is no gentle introduction to the chill, no way to make that pleasant. The man 
with the knife was gently pressing it, the flat side of the blade, against the 
flesh of the one in the chair. 
        
        “This is the greatest gift.
        And to me, too, you provide a gift.”


        The blade flipped upright. The sharp edge was resting upon the skin.


        “This is my gift, to you.
        This is your gift, to me.”


        The tip was sharpest. Bringing the metal against the skin, the knifeman 
pressed harder as it traveled downwards, from the hip, along the thigh. Somewhere 
above the knee, it broke the surface tension and dove in, smoothly and without a 
splash. The hard of the kneecap ceased its travel, a blockade in its path.
        Pain itself was not new to the man in the chair. The searing. Having a 
vivid imagination, he could not stop himself from picturing each fiber of muscle 
being severed in a diagonal fashion. The edge was almost with the grain of the 
tissue, but it was askew.
        There was no way the man with the knife could have known that the man in 
the chair had lost most of his capability to feel pain in his right leg, the one 
being sliced into. This pain was distant, a kind of thing you might get residually, 
from a recent bump into a table. 
        Apparently, the man took notice of the lack of reaction. No flinches, no 
winces. What had happened? What was wrong? Where was the pain? Where was life? The 
gift?


        “Does it hurt?”


        The wielder of the blade moved his hand from the handle of the object now, 
leaving it cleaved into the leg. In the chair, the man was still looking straight 
ahead. His head hadn’t wavered from its position. His cloudy eyes and bored 
expression told the story before he ever spoke, but he did speak, and this is what 
he said:





        “No.”
