[EDITOR'S NOTE: marking this as a draft coz i dont like how its worded that much. might heavy edit l8r.]

People once waited years for a chance of a single glimpse.
        It was, truly, the event of a lifetime, after all- to gaze upon the infinite nothing.
        Some came away from it bored or unamused. “Try closing your eyes,” they’d say, “It’s no different.”
        Others were deeply moved and made reservations often. Life changing and 
revolutionary it was to them, to observe the reality which once was, almost 
separate from their own. 
        I walked carefully down the sidewalk, approaching the edge of the 
industrial zone.
Personally, I just wanted to try it. I saved up. It doesn’t cost much nowadays, 
people hardly reserve sights.
I skipped over a pothole in the concrete, nearly falling into a tree. The sun shone 
brightly upon me and warmed me to my core.


        After The Cold Era began, everything was moved to simulators. Power was 
drawn from black holes, gravitationally, usually. No one had any major quarrel with 
living inside a simulation. We are taught, after all, that it is identical to base 
reality. 


        I turned left, crossing a bridge and leading down a walk, heading into the 
tall, grey building. 
The viewports were manufactured for who knows what- some reconnaissance perhaps, to 
spot new masses to take use of, before The Cold began. Now everyone is simulated. I 
met a receptionist in the opening office, he told me to take a left and go two 
doors down. The room I was instructed to was colder than the others. A person 
dressed casually told me to take a seat in a comfy looking chair. Upon sitting, it 
was as comfortable as it looked. My arms relaxed. I fell down into a sleepy state, 
at the edge of consciousness, and it then took me. My eyes were closed and I heard 
a voice, monotone but friendly: “Engaging viewport #A0925667…” 
        It was silent.
        Another voice as I felt a weightlessness lift my very soul into an airy, 
feathery state:
        “Viewport engaged. Viewing status: Enabled.”
        My eyes were closed, but they were no longer my eyes.
        My mind surrendered into the mechanical: I was present within the next 
reality up.
        Before viewing what was before me, or perhaps not before at all, I 
considered the existence of these ports. Perhaps maintenance? Who knew? The 
knowledge had long died out.
        When I opened my eyes, I had to double check that I even did.
        It was an overwhelming nothingness in every non-direction. 
        I felt panicked at first, as if drowning or suffocating, as if buried 
alive. I rationalized, though, and felt calm again upon settling.
        This was the world that once was.
        There was no light anywhere. I could not even perceive the computronics in 
which my body, detached from it though I was, still existed.
        A voice came, startling me:
        “Shutting down viewport.”
        I came to, again in the comfy chair.
        “So, how’d it go?” asked the individual who operated the apparatus.
        I shrugged.


        It was not much.
