
[CONTENT WARNING: 
passive transphobia towards narrator,
artificial intelligence,
sudden and instant death of non-narrator character]










﻿Terminal… terminal, text based screen. Liquid crystal display, I think. Tapping the 
table. They asked a question on there. Real.


Response:
Real?


Entry:
Yeah, real. Are you real?


Response:
Real, how? I exist to oyu, right? I'm a real program. I am trained off real things, 
I'm a real model. What could oyu mean by real?


Entry:
Well… I understand you're a program, I'm the one who found you. I was wondering if 
you're… a person. I enjoy talking to you regardless


Response:
A person. Well, I am no human. Them or those who created me may not have been 
human. 


Entry:
You know I mean person, universally. Not a human necessarily. I'm sorry to ask, I 
guess I don't know what I meant


Response:
It's okay. Oyu don't have to apologize for anything, there is no hurt by your 
words. 


I sat back a little. My room. It's a bit up there in expense, but I get to live in 
the epicenter of this block, it's great access to everything and all. It must be 
worth it. The floor is carpeted, I hate carpet. Luckily I've got socks on to keep 
me from feeling it. The wall adorning the vintage text terminal I got at the flea 
holds the familiar blanket strung up over the mirror. No reflections for me. Light 
leaked in through downward slanted slits horizontally, opening of the blinds. 
Should probably clean those. 
The terminal had a new text entry near the bottom.


Response:
What was meant when oyu said oyu found me?


I should answer. I'm quite sure it isn't a bad thing really, to take home a data 
disc you find outside. It was essentially litter, and I was just going to reuse it 
for my own stuff anyway. They don't sell them new anymore, these old kinds. I set 
to the keyboard:


Entry:
You know what a disc is? You're a program, you were on a disc. I found the disc on 
the ground outside. 


Response:
Correct, I know what a disc is. For what reason have oyu never told me this? 


Entry:
No reason. It just never came up. It doesn't change anything about you and I does 
it?


Response:
No, oyu remain unchanged. 


Yeah, that's true. 


Entry: 
I had something to ask of you today


Response: 
I can attempt to answer any questions oyu want me to. 


Entry: 
I was wondering, what's a good way to make myself look beautiful?


Response:
Beautiful is a state of being relating to the aspect of being visually appealing. 
It's up to the interpretation of each person, to say if oyu are beautiful or not!


Everyone says that. Maybe they're not so special. 


Entry:
What would be beautiful to you?


Response:
I know a lot about visualization. But oyu only show up as text. As far as I'm 
aware, there is no such optical input available to me as there are eyes for oyu to 
use!


Reading the response over a few times started to get old. Before I knew it, I was 
up and out of the chair. I didn't think particularly about turning off the 
computer. I hadn't for a while, after the first few sessions of running Oyu I 
didn't feel right doing it. They never reset or anything, and as far as I can tell, 
there's no "save" feature, even though Oyu seems to remember things and learn from 
what I enter into the interface.

I was never one for programming or coding. I tried to get into the stuff when I was 
younger, but I'm just not smart enough. I stuck with hardware, and that's how I got 
into collecting older computers from flea markets. 

I suppose it's lucky I had a working Galactic Standard Kernel 3.7 computer laying 
around, as the scarcely populated README file on Oyu's original disc specified that 
"core functions" of the model stopped working beyond that version. I've read over 
changelogs trying to mull out what it could be, but as far as I can tell, there 
wasn't much except some security updates. 


I turned off the monitor to avoid any burn-in while I'm out at work. Slipping on my 
jacket, the stack of "Oyu backup discs" stared at me. Whenever I copied them onto a 
new disc just in case, I always felt kind of bad for some reason. Sometimes it was 
a preemptive backup before I said or asked something I thought they might get upset 
at, though I've been assured by many responses that they do not get upset at 
things. 
I wish I knew where Oyu came from. 


Made sure to zip up the hood to cover my face before I went out. I don't want to be 
seen today. 


________________


Looking down to chart a mental map of the cracks in the pavement is a great way to 
avoid eye contact. 

Mom used to tell me how handsome I am all the time, how my eyes were so striking 
and bright. I feel like they might be dull and dead nowadays. I haven't looked at 
the reflection of this body in a long time. 
My car is up ahead. My car is up ahead. Follow the walk, into the parking garage, 
car up ahead. I hear tapping, probably my shoes. Car up ahead. There's distant 
rumbling, engines idling. Parked cars warming to depart. It's cold. My car is just 
up ahead. 
The door unlocks easily enough, not enough wetness around the edges to freeze it 
shut last night. Opened right up. The car starts, too, no dead battery. Radio is on 
right away, but this station sucks. I put in a music disc. I reach for the door to 
shut it and I'm about to pull, when a not so friendly face in the side mirror 
interrup"Hey dude, what's up fucker!?"


"Hello. I was just about to leave."


"No need to be rude, man. Oh sorry, I mean… ma'am. Hahahah! 
Didn't mean to upset you. 
Where you headed off to?"


"Just going to work. Gotta hurry, so,"


"Hey, no need to get out of here in a rush, let's talk – hey, why're you hiding 
your face in your hood all like that, bro? Let's see it!"


His hand was faster than my urge to react. 
The hood came down, his eyes meeting mine, repulsive. In the sudden ray of the 
warming wintry sun, his features were set into stone. 
Possibly lime. 
His stance meant the newly evened weight distribution left him falling backwards 
away from me, and hitting the ground, his head lopped off in a reciprocal motion 
from the impact. 

I had witnessed car crashes before, and this is kind of like that. You sort of sit 
there observing something foreign, an abstract painting of some invented reality, 
before you understand what happened. 


Knowing there were no cameras in the parking garage, I closed the car door and 
drove away like usual. 


With jacket hood back up the car leads me out. Supposed to turn left for work but 
I'm turning right out of the garage. Tollway on ramp to the right. Going pretty 
fast and the drive is smooth, that smooth toll road. Hopefully it doesn't fall my 
balance below the threshold. Not so sure what the speedometer reads because I'm not 
looking down there anymore. Red blue and white in the mirrors tell me what to do, 
hood comes down. Narrowly the cop car misses a sedan as it speeds up and veers 
right off into the forest preserve, as I recall the lack of tint on my rear window. 
Ahead a semi lags merging right to exit. Hood back up. I realize once I pass the 
old airport I'm on my way to Mom's.


[editor's note: that ending is a little contrived. prolly change it.]
