
[EDITOR'S NOTE:
wow this is some flowery shit. i want to edit it all away. it gets the idea across i guess]



﻿Seven




        Though it may be hard for you, a 21st-century dweller, to understand, I am 
going to introduce you to something. This you may find foreign, nay, alien, 
especially relevant to that of your expectations of society. In the future, things 
will change, depending on your actions. Everything you do will lead up to something 
that you can choose, yet, paradoxically, always was going to have been chosen. It 
is a future some may find bleak, some may find well, some may toil in disbelief at 
the prospect of such a place. The future, however, that will be described in this 
text, is definite, but only if you choose it to be. Or rather, will always have 
been going to choose it to be.


        On a cracked asphalt slab stood a young man. Tall, slender, a messy 
hairstyle, and some grease up to his arms. He is not quite here right now, for he 
is gaping at the architecture above. Right triangular buildings, white, with 
hemispherical, reinforced windows stand taller than a hundred mammoths stacked on 
end. Their structure seems to bend as the curvature of the earth. From their 
hypotenuse, pairs are connected via immensely thick steel beams. The towers seem 
impossibly high, yet they still stand strong in fierce wind fighting them with a 
brisk sword slash against the exterior hull, perhaps once for every minute.


        OK, enough of that. The boy looks down to the broken rock below his feet. 
There is a plain burlap sack that is full of rusted treasures of the past. Puddles 
reminiscent of ancient reserves of oil are scattered upon the age-old, dead turf. 
This place is clearly in disrepair, but it does not matter. Who uses roads anymore?


        The boy ties the sack shut and slings it around his shoulder, about to head 
back to his block, block seven. If he is caught out here, he will be executed or 
enlisted into the militia if his skills are deemed worthy enough to be used. The 
chances of this are slim: for one, he is only slightly skilled in ancient 
automotive repairs, and very simple, binary-based computing. And to add to that, he 
is not yet old enough to be enlisted in the militia. Not that any of that matters, 
for they rarely patrol anymore. This sector can only be accessed by highly ranked 
officials or maintenance men who work for the raw material and service side of the 
planet. This entire half is enlisted only for those who are not yet of age to serve 
to reside.


        Back at his block, the door is ajar. It isn't supposed to open under normal 
circumstances, but corners were cut in constructing these earlier cells and simple, 
binary computational systems were used for locking mechanisms. It was easy to 
break. 
He slips into the door with his bag of relics past and reality seems to warp as he 
climbs tall, geometrical stairs as the sharply cornered interior becomes cleaner 
and cleaner and he approaches absolute.


        His room can be described as messy. Rusted parts and half-built engines are 
strewn about the otherwise barely touched interior. I should fix this, I should fix 
that. What’s it matter? He has not accurately sized parts yet. He can only work off 
approximations for that which cannot be located in preserved ancient texts. He is 
lucky, lucky that he lives in block seven. It is right on the edge of the 
residential space that nearly all the planet has been allocated for. He can pillage 
ruins that are decades old, to find treasures to adorn his room with. It seems that 
no others share his interests, but then, how could they know of these ancient 
machines? It is a miracle he has not yet been culled for his discoveries. 


        Even in his exploration of the past, he still is questing for something 
greater. A revolution. An uprising. Networks have been established, alliances 
gained, broken, tested, defined. There are others. In every building, there are 
others. But it was him and a small few who have put the effort of uniting their 
minds in cables of data streamed, hung clotheslines, open windows, shattered glass. 
Ideas, thoughts, dialogue, exchanged. All of it is there, in the wires. In the 
bits, bytes, the data. Interpreters, translators, spoken word, text. Communication. 
Simple in design, complex in possibility, limitless in potential. Gold. It is done, 
his will, their combined strength, to destroy, to conquer, to fix, to mend the 
society that once was.


        Roads and tunnels of fiber optic, of transferred information, they hang 
from building to building, connecting the disconnected. Ancient binary machines are 
simple in function but adequate enough to establish what might be considered 
equivalent to being in the same room as another. They can send and receive text. A 
simple program was written and is executed by the boy, it is used to connect them, 
via text. Text is a powerful tool. Ideas change mindsets. Information forms power. 
Wielded and used, in effect, by the beholder, the transmitter, the receiving end, 
eyes scanning symbols on pixels of a screen, lit up in strange patterns signifying 
speech. 


This is the last remaining hope for them.
