There was glory in the machine. 
        It stood next to him, shimmering against the artificial light cast upon it 
from above: its hull was painted white, a reflective surface which almost seemed to 
glitter in beauty. Its shape was sleek, an aerodynamic hood at front, adorned with 
mirrors for an extended peripheral, and it was backed by a large capsule that 
housed the filth it removed. Between the rounded front and geometric sharpness of 
the back was located a side door, with two stripes, black and red, horizontally 
through the handle, and the emblem of Lily Hill proudly stamped upon the metal.
        This was Seventy-Five: the street sweeper assigned to one Bill Ruthford, of 
the Public Works division of Lily Hill.


        Bill turns away from Seventy-Five. Now facing the exit of the vast 
warehouse, westwards, he walks with a jingle-jangle of his keys: dangling against 
his leg and against each other, they hang by a hook closed about Bill’s belt loop. 
Bill weaves his path mindfully around the circular saw, the utility truck, 
carefully now, the milk crates, stacked haphazardly- they threaten collapse- he 
hop-skips over a pile of rubbish (who left that out now?) A pyramid of chairs he 
passes: supplies for the theatre adjacent, tapping the concrete floor his shoes 
emit a sing-song. One last glance upon the visage of Seventy-Five. Flips the lights 
off with a switch.
Bill pushes the door open, stepping through and to the right: a concrete staircase 
going upward. Diminishing walls side ascending stairsteps, bouncing the taps of his 
shoes around and into the air, the indiscriminate evening sun, warmth and glowing 
upon the land, beasts, cars, birds without a thought. Bill looks up, his eyes 
adjust to the scalding rays. Walking home is nice. Bill reaches the top flight, 
departing the last step. His co-worker ahead, he administers a wave hello-goodbye-
seeyoutomorrow. He turns right, a swivel about the railing, his hand pivoting a 
turn upon it to stabilize himself. He lifts his hand, this railing is filthy. 
Forward a few paces, he reaches the entrance to the upper garage, making a left 
turn into it. He reaches his right hand outwards and places his index finger upon 
the scanner. An electronic ding lets him know he’s punched out for the day. “Free 
at last!” He jokes aloud. No one is around to chuckle.
Walking past piles of asbestos, rocks crunch underfoot, the gravel path.  Another 
day.


        Bill was about two miles down the road when it happened. Walking, as usual, 
he crossed the road where the sidewalk ended. The car comes down the wrong way on a 
one-way street, not looking. His eardrums rang from the sound: a beep most vicious, 
followed by a string of curses by the irate driver. Bill stops in his tracks, 
winding backward a ways. Glad he wasn’t hit. He looks at the driver. Odd fellow, 
foreign car judging by the steering wheel on the right side. His hair was wavy and 
blonde but didn’t seem naturally so. Bushy brown eyebrows gave it away: bleached 
perhaps. Dull brown eyes like flowing molasses, though they were ablaze with fury. 
Teeth needed a good brushing, yellowed like nicotine. Smoker?
        Bill paid no mind to whatever the man said. He kept on going down the 
street. Farewell! The boiling light of the post-afternoon sun whipped the clouds 
into a frothy orangeness.
He counts the lines beneath him as he walks. Starting from this street corner, two 
intentional, four cracks. Lifts his head back up and looks across the street to his 
right. Sprinklers cast water upon the grass. Regulatory grass: doesn’t mature, 
could be edible that way. Growing food is prohibited, too dangerous for the common 
folk. Bill thought about that a lot! What bounty would there be if one grew their 
own food? The danger keeps such a haven away. The Public Works describes the 
process of growing food as a complex and dangerous one. If something small goes 
off, too much or too little water, wrong soil components, the incorrect amount of 
lighting, and in the wrong wavelength, the result could yield a poisonous fruit. 
The Public Works makes this clear. Black markets for self-grown food are rare, the 
dangers are too immense. Bill thought about it. Training surely was too much for a 
commoner. 
        Behind Bill a noise: whizz… a pretty voice called: “On your right!” 
        He stepped left. A passing bicycle. The woman on it waved at him. Ponytail, 
black hair, small backpack slung about one shoulder. Rear tire low on air. She 
coasts down the block and turns left into the complex. The complex! Bill looks up 
at the building to his left. Brick building, the number ten thousand and eighteen 
imprinted on it in Arabic numerals. The bricks were chipped in places, ancient 
structures, one identical to it on each side, and behind it another row. This was 
the edge of the complex. Grid-like structure of structures. Roads inside, sparse 
parks, dumpsters and shoots. Sidewalks line the buildings. Bill reaches the corner 
of the complex. Old-looking watch-gate there. He waves to the person inside, no 
response. A lone picnic table on the grass, sidewalks winding up to an old german 
bell in the park. Bill takes a seat. He casts a passing glance about him, turning 
from the gate, rightward slowly, modernist building, a few homesteads, a road in 
disrepair, ancient painted stripes. Green grass. 
In the street a form. He looks. A mound? Dirt? No, not yet- dead animal, a corpse. 
Bill gets up and walks to it in curiosity. Indiscernible what it was when alive. 
Body mauled by tire tread. Sun Bleached once-red guts, now pink, spill their old 
color onto the asphalt in silent puddles. Maggots breed and feast upon the viscera, 
squirming in an ecstasy no man could know. Something out of a crime scene! Mangled 
fur tufts up to three feet or so away: a heavy impact? Swift enough to cause no 
pain, one would hope. Cracked remains of a skull strangely picked clean, brains 
scattered a bit farther down the road maybe? The odor is beyond foul, a thousand 
spoiled dinners, churning bile conducive of vomit, the flesh inside out and torn 
asunder. A wretchedly beautiful conclusion to the middle part between birth and 
death. Bill wretches. He turns and walks away. Don’t want to lose lunch while I 
still have time for dinner later.
        
        Three: Mulch smells of chocolate cake i once had, hunger inducing. Pulling 
the weeds with a weak root leaves some behind, an evolutionary advantage most 
strange. Recalling the time i disrobed for a lover. Workers putting up the gazebo 
(covering?) for bikerack, disused.[a]


Footsteps against asphalt, the most recycled material man has ever made. A major 
accomplishment. Bill heads between two nearly identical buildings, an alleyway just 
nearly too thin to fit through. Metal walkways perch precariously, held in by bolts 
into the brickwork. Reaching a cross-section of the sidewalk, he chooses the left-
hand path, gracing some bushes with his legs. Flecks of cut grass float in the 
breeze as it picks up. Whisking the clouds into a flurry of white-grey, rain maybe, 
tinted orange, setting sun ablaze. A park bench ahead of him, he sits. Produces a 
bottle of water from his ample pants pocket and drinks. What a thing, to pull fluid 
into oneself, elixir of life, liquid hydrating. Crumples the now empty 
polypropylene into a ball and pockets it. Gazing about the garden he’s stumbled 
into. Wafts of scent arise, carried by the wind: the freshly laid mulch, brown, 
smells of chocolate cake I once had, a little hunger-inducing. Late shift workers a 
ways down the walk. They kneel upon the grass, plucking weeds without consideration 
not to break the root: evolutionary advantage is to have a weaker root, leaving 
mass behind to grow anew. In no other world would this make sense than a human’s. 
Owned by humanity or owns humanity? Primitive stuff. Apelike. Humanity. Han-Tayumi. 
Heard of that once in a catalog of oldies, plastic discs. Context heavy. Bill gazes 
down at his feet. Shoes need replacing soon, nearly worn through. Hmm? Tilts his 
leg. A drip of dried blood above the ankle, how’d that happen? Tired of rest, he 
stands up. Starts upon the same path as before, passing the dumpster. Foul odor… A 
wall of thin brick beside him, parallel to his path, he traces his hand upon its 
stone top. All clean, pressure washed earlier this week of course. A weekly thing, 
and done as needed too. 
Bill crossed a lot, rows of yellow lines parking spaces. Metal railing ahead, above 
the flowing canal. Bill peers over into the flowing water, foaming eddies of 
swirling turbulence, glimmering sunlight against the surface sloshing in tiny 
cycles. 
The glorious flag of The Public Works waves in the air across the canal, flailing 
from its pole, neighboring the flag of Lily Hill. Flipping folds of fabric 
fenestrated by the scarcely cast rays of light of the sun. He thinks back on the 
topic of fabric. Garments falling around him to the floor, baring oneself before a 
lover and chilly in the air, though the tantalizing idea of being closer to one 
arousing me still. 
Bill decides to stop by the shopping district for some food. 






Four: the nature of information and its unfortunate loss. the breadth of 
information created and lost in passing. the loss of words to the currents of wind. 
things which hide away forever (sunken to the bottom of an ocean bed ) 




Heading easily with perfect repetitive steps along the side of the highway, Bill 
counts the cars as they pass by, whirring electric motors and whipping wind against 
their hulls. It was about the time he passed the base of a billboard when the first 
drips started, droplets of rain precipitating upon the earth lightly. Bill prays 
silently that it shan’t pick up, not a religious man by far, but when a favor is 
needed he will ask. 

Admiring the brickwork to his right, Bill turns about his heel to enter the tunnel, 
careful not to let his gait stray off the sidewalk. Light-emitting diodes 
illuminate the road, glare bouncing off metal railings and in coldness straining 
the eye. Scarce weeds erupt from between cracks in the concrete, asphalt. Wonder if 
they get sun down here, or just feed off radiation from the presence of man. Scraps 
of leftovers, headlights might contribute some. 
Tracing the rifts in the walk with his eyes, Bill searches up and ahead of himself, 
peering already out of the tunnel and against the row of eateries. What for today? 
Walks are quite empty right now, with no other pedestrians. A car honks at him, 
making him jump in place. He glances. Within the vehicle, through an opened window, 
a co-worker waves. Joey! A good day right back to you, sir. Joe continues on down, 
turning right at the intersection. The yellow light turns red behind him. Need to 
make that turn you know. 

Bright pixel grids of light cast their imagery against the world. Advertisements 
galore. Half off sale at the butcher. Real meat, they say, what a price gouge, even 
cut fifty percent. Bill was never a fan of meat. Makes the stomach churn, the 
thought of it. Festering mincemeat. Churning muscle against muscle foreign. DNA 
mingling. Amalgamate. 

Beyond the butcher, a deli, fast foods, salad bar, health craze. Healthy stuff, 
leaves and tubers, fruit and veg. Slathered all in dressing more glucose than 
anything. Sweet against the palette for certain though. A treat mostly. Bill 
craves mushrooms. Real stuff, locally grown so they say. Better than substitute 
they mass produce. So they say. Portobello caps, stuffed cheese. 

He continues down the way. Will stop at Diner 303. They have the best mushrooms. 
Local stuff. Lactose-free cheese at no extra charge. Better on the stomach. They 
say in the old world they used to be able to digest it more often than not. Old 
legends perhaps. 

Bill dashes, with a careful yet swift step, dodging rain spouts of the downpour. 
Just past the deli, past the fast foods, bright lighting, water streaming to the 
street drains, pouring harder now. Grasps the handle of the door and pushes inward. 

A rush of cooler air, less humid too. Hellos on the faces looking back at him 
brightly, contrasting the weather. 
Bill steps up to the counter, an L-shaped surface, gate completing it into a 
rectangle, menu hanging upon the front. Faux stone countertop. Cash register 
dominating the space. A cashier approaches and pushes a switch to prepare the 
register. 
“Welcome to 303. What can I get you?”

Bill scans the menu though he knows it well, a regular. A number six lactose-free, 
medium drink. The cashier punches it in. Number six is well balanced, Bill quips, A 
full cap of portobello, stuffed with cheese, garlic for the tongue, the side of 
fried potatoes, air fried, greaseless. The drink’s included. Cup of slaw. Cashier 
nods. 

Bill receives a plastic table marker from the worker, and curtly thanking, he makes 
his way to a table against the front window of the diner. Setting the marker down, 
numbered seventeen, he sits in the booth. Faux leather. The table surface presents 
itself as a grid, black and white hexagons tiled, the rain beats against the window 
at an intense angle. Wind carrying it hard to one side. A slip of paper on the 
ground wettened to the core, dissolving in the water. The nature of information and 
its unfortunate loss. The breadth of information created and lost in passing. The 
loss of words to currents of rain. 

After a few minutes of silent contemplation, the meal arrives. Bill wields in 
either hand a fork and knife. The blade bites carefully into the flesh of the 
mushroom cap, squeaking as it is pushed down, back, forth, down, back, forth… 
Lifting the fork to his mouth the melting cheese strings from the plate upwards to 
the payload. Bites down. The sharpness of the cheese, artificially aged cheddar, 
orange, hits the tongue immediately. Garlic tinges each moment too. The blandish 
background of mushroom holds well the bounty of flavors mingling within the cap’s 
hold. Watery liquid, mingled with saliva, leaks from about the flesh of the fruit, 
a bit of butter or oil perhaps it was cooked in bleeding. Feeling the sear lines of 
the mushroom with his tongue, Bill minds each bite. Mushroom down, onto the 
potatoes. One after another. Wedges. Real tubers, too, taste the earthiness. 
Particular texture they have. Salt. Heat nearly burns the mouth. Extinguished by 
the drink. The front door opens with a whoosh of air. Bill looks up to see him: 
Joey strolling to the front counter. He calls his name. Joe turns around and waves, 
approaching. 

“Hey, Bill! At 303 again I see.”

He seats without asking. Bill smiles with genuine affection and mentions something 
about work today. Griping on. Jokes around. The conversation was wavering when Joe 
queried, 

“You want to come down to the theatre with me tonight? That new movie looks great, 
real actors.”

Bill obliges, he had no other plans. Theater down next to the garbage dump. Odd 
place for it really. Joey agrees. Draws a crowd anyways, though. Popular on 
weekends. Arising from his seat, Joe wanders off to the front counter. No longer 
hungry, Bill stands up and clears his place, trashing the uneaten food and placing 
the tray onto its receptacle above the garbage can. He goes to the door and pulls 
it open. Farewell. A scan of the road reveals the rain had slowed again to a 
pitter-pattering, puddles of precipitation bearing ripples from the droplets. Bill 
decides to head for the road bridge. 




Five: The loss of physical objects and their eventual path. The history of things 
collected by man. The fate of that touched by man. The origin of stories. The 
assignment of emotion to objects.


Bill casts a gaze downwards. Life. Hands. Fluid. Squeezing, pumping sac. Organ 
tissue undulates. Processes. Relocation, digestion. Feeling out his interior world, 
a town, city square, laid out by God perhaps, or some process, some chemical 
building. Tiny structures of importance. None amiss, error-correcting. Self-
sufficient growth, with energy input. Bile gurgles within. A twitch of the muscle 
and his optic nerve refocuses. 

The bridge was long thrown into the horizon, concrete, metal railings, tall fences 
to prevent jumpers. Scarce cars nowadays. In the middle, a divider of grass, lined 
by the curbside. A decorative tree grows. Down and to the right his gaze wanders, a 
perpendicular road ducks beneath the structure, cutting the ground, a straight line 
into a curve, half-semicircle. In disrepair, the cracking pavement looks back at 
Bill. His stride is not interrupted by the glare. Bringing his sight-line back up 
as a fisherman prepares his rod to be cast, a fly fishing rod, he sinks his lure 
over the end of the road: thick concrete-walled to prevent accidents. To the left, 
theatre and garbage dump. 




Six: 
[a]writer's notes, ignore if you want.
