Careful steps tap the wet gravel path as a lone vagabond draped with satchel and 
light fabric bags watches his gait carefully upon the dangerously slippery pebbles, 
worn slowly smooth by rainwater which drains into the vessel flowing violently 
below: The River.
        A strong torrent it indeed was, the ripping waters crashing into the bank 
on either side.
Devot was an up-and-coming apprentice of the relatively new group known as 
“Reckoners.” He estimated it was about to rain, if the humidity was any gauge, and 
he, therefore, located two neighboring trees around which he tied a sturdy rope 
made from grass. Upon this line, he hung a large sheet of wool that had been folded 
in fourths and wrapped about his waist by another grass rope. He hoped it would 
keep the droplets beginning to precipitate from wettening his belongings, which 
anyone knowledgeable in the ways of Reckoning would recognize as precious. 

        Hungry, Devot decided to sit and eat while he waited out the rainfall. He 
reached at his back, producing a large wooden implement which looked very much like 
a couple whittled sticks and branches- indeed it was no more than that, though they 
were connected with a tie of grass cord. Two sticks ran parallel to each other, 
being no greater in length than a hand, the tip of a middle finger to wrist, with 
the third and longest connecting them in a fashion perpendicular to both. On one 
end, the first stick was stuck in place fast by thin strands wrapped in a crossed 
manner about it. Upon the opposite end, the second stick moved freely, sliding 
along the length of the now horizontal shaft, and was tightened in place by pulling 
its bracing cordage.

        Devot nudged the secondary stick outwards, planted the sharp end of the 
first stick into the approximate center of the earth beneath his tent, and loosely 
cut a circle into the grass.

        Sitting off to one side, he removed his bags and placed them within the 
circle. Reaching into his second smallest bag, he pulled up a small pouch full of 
dried fruits. There he sat, eating and pondering, and mostly listening to the sound 
of the rain, though it was soon encroached upon by the roaring sound of The River, 
which seemed angrier than before.


							The River


	        “Countless tales old as the ground itself seek to explain the 
creation of The River, and its influence over natural order and harmonious cycles 
of nature. It is said by some that a formless entity passed over our universe, 
spilling a drop of pure creation upon the nothingness, which forced its way in 
entropy to create what is now the source of all, rushing in the form of water upon 
the world. Others place the truth within a fundamental force of our world which we 
haven’t the ability to describe yet- that there was never any drop or separate 
reality…”

        Devot drifted off mid-sentence. He had been reading from a book given to 
him to accompany his journey northeast, to the source of this river: the largest 
known body of freshwater in all the ten lands. 

        This pilgrimage was made by all newcomers to the practice of Reckoning, to 
show their ability to be persistent in the face of danger, and their devotion to 
The River, the source of all.

        Devot just wanted a break.


        He noticed the rain stopping and began to gather up his belongings, and 
peered further down The River. Beyond distant trees, he saw plumes of campfire 
smoke like rising fluid, steady in an upward stream, pouring from a stone tower 
which concluded in a sharp, ornate spire.


        After having made his way down to the source of the smoke, Devot’s eyes 
drifted steadily over a small outpost of what seemed to be a sort of village. 
Centered about a large fortified stone bridge, and flanking it on either bank of 
The River was small, sporadic sprawls of cabins, storefronts, and a few tents, and 
all the structures were strung along a weak path trodden into the very earth, the 
dampened down soil road reaching beyond either end of the gathering. At the center 
of the buildings, or rather, near the edge of the lefthand bank which was 
approximately near the center, the strong looming presence of an enormous structure 
built of stacked stone slabs was overlooking the flowing water, and, glancing 
upwards, Devot confirmed that this was the source of the spire he had foreseen 
farther up the bank. White painted wooden framed windows peered down from the 
staggering height of the construction. Devot had never seen such a tall building in 
his life, though he was young.
