





[EDITOR'S NOTE:
this was in a google folder with the old sweeper draft, which should be in this dir
as an ODT file. its pretty much verbatim the first portion of that draft i think,
except the portions are titled "SWEEPER" and numbered in roman numerals, and subtitled.
also theres that little timeline thing at the beginning. i couldnt tell you what i truly
had in mind for the "public works revolution" but it had to do with the fake email at
the beginning of the old_sweeper_draft.odt file. idk. i was in highschool. most of this was
references to how NIN albums made me feel. the whole idea started with me hearing that sound near the middle of
"Eraser" on The Downward Spiral, with mental visuals borrowed from an r/FYH short story i read years or months prior.]








﻿1812 - William Ruthford is born 


[all the mackinac stuff, bridge building]




2017 - public works revolution




2812 - Bill Ruthford is born.


2837 - Bill’s Dream.




                                SWEEPER I - AS IN: “Bill’s Dream”




        The shore which comprises all land is a marbled purple and green stone, the 
surface of which is smooth as the surface of a neutron star. The river without a 
source which surrounds this countlessly minimal infinity is an enticing presence in 
a world otherwise absent of water and devoid of life, save the spiked trees of sand 
and loam. The fruit of these godless plants yields only in conditions of dire 
hopelessness and causes the consumer to contract into a meaningless nothing before 
realizing their true self.


        Bill Ruthford awakens from that dream. He had fallen asleep at his desk. 
The work under the Sweeper Division of the Public Works is grueling at times, but 
it isn’t majorly physical, as other branches tend to be. Bill recalls his duty to 
check the reactor function. The reactor powering this block of the Public Works was 
built before there was a standard for nuclear fusion, and as such is difficult to 
upkeep. The small amount of work done on it is to do with cleaning, since it is 
indiscernible how it actually functions. Bill approaches the reactor core, heading 
towards it through a series of doors and locks, doors and locks. Keys click into 
them. This cylinder lock design is ancient, but reliable, more often than not. Bill 
looks at the screen indicating the status of the reactor upon arriving at its room. 
It tells him it is stable, but Bill is not one to trust others, and is unsure 
whether it is lying to him or not. The wire twangs. This wire, the function of 
which no one alive knows, is strung taught above the display screen. If you touch 
it, you die. He watches the wire oscillate. Why does it do that? Nobody really 
knows for sure, and cannot ever find out. It's a property of this reactor, which 
was constructed hundreds of years ago by a madman who expired just days after. His 
name was, at one point, but is no longer. 








EXCERPT I - As in: The Abstractual


                Abstractuality, in its many forms, is the only thing standing 
between the human consciousness and its opposing hard, sharp sting of truth. Humans 
like to make 
things up to comfort themselves: imaginary friends, make-believe games of green 
paper slips, false borders between existing land (which they also like to pretend 
is theirs.)
In the end, the truth must be perceived at some point, but for most humans it is 
the moment before death in which every game of house they’ve played in their 
fictional “lives” ceases to hold the same meaning as it once did, and then, as soon 
as it’s too late, they fade away.






SWEEPER II - AS IN: “Life After Death”




        You will know when Death approaches you. It is a subtle draft that chills 
not the body but your state of mind. Yes, it is true, one does not truly perish, 
but moves on to another world... parallel to this one. To you, not much will 
change. Your disheartened spirit will roam a template of your original world as it 
was at the moment your fragile life concluded. His kingdom will be known to all in 
time... for all must face their due fate. 
        A small pitter-patter indicates the procurement of that mornings coffee. 
One thing that brought people from war to peace and all that lay in-between is this 
bean-based beverage. The peoples of Kaffa, a region within Ethiopia, were possible 
candidates for the first to brew and consume coffee- though it is also possible 
that a 9th century goatherd, Kaldi, was the first to ponder the possibility that 
the coffee plant might energize the consumer, when his goats were excited from 
chewing the beans. 
        The air was a thick viscous thing, that hung around folks for a bit too 
long. They were happier inside, where the law mandated one plant per 8,000 cubic 
feet in an effort to improve air quality. Inside public cells, music was always 
playing, and the air smelled fresh. Ruthford.
Ruthford, or rather, Bill Ruthford, had never liked coffee. The dairy sat a thick 
cream paste on his mouth’s roof, and grew rancid in the manner of hours that 
coincided with the beverage's effect of energization, which led immediately to an 
intense drowsiness and pulled Bill down, dragging his work performance along with 
it. 
Ruthford.
Mornings became ritual, and with ritual comes coffee. Bill was not a fan, no, but 
it was still his job to prepare a pot every morning for his co-workers, all of whom 
he respected (lest they did not deserve it.) 
Ruthford!
Bill rises. This is the worst part of the morning.




SWEEPER III - AS IN: “Drained Fluid”




        It is a beautiful thing, is it not? The way these chemicals react, the 
shift in hue they exhibit upon contact with another, unrelated chemical? Is it not 
beautiful how these packets of energy that describe atoms and molecules interact? 
Is it not amazing that this world, this universe, these laws, were set forth by a 
flash of light? Is it not poetry, the very atmosphere surrounding you, and filling 
your lungs? Getting ahead of oneself, one might assume, too, that you are not in an 
atmosphere, in which case, one might apologize for the assumption.
        A little speck of dust in the clouds begs to know his name, and yet, Bill 
cannot but speak to it. It has no ears, no brain, no consciousness with which to 
learn and interpret language as audible signals with. Is this what our world is? 
One might ask themselves, “Well,...” and so on. That planet is not, it is naught 
but a dust particle floating on the brisk breeze of reality and flowing along the 
wind-driven path of time, whirling about a singularity.
        A needle pricks Bill’s hand. It cannot be helped that the daily requirement 
in the mornings contains a drug and health test of all bodily fluids. It is 
routine, and routine cannot be wrong.




        A sun. A sun and a racing heart. A horse pushing against the earth with its 
fragile phalanges. A hoof, clad with an iron shoe, propelling the returning energy 
from each kick back upwards, to its owner. No, a freedom will not do. Saddles were 
placed on these creatures’ backs, for the evil of Man to use His influence to 
control a once free beast.
        Bill looks up at the sun with these thoughts in mind.
