
[EDITOR'S NOTE:
Woww yeah, this is like a nostalgic document for me.
this was the old, second to oldest draft of 400ppm that i wrote in highschool,
I was fresh off the tail of having read all the entries in the "Gamers Against Weed" SCP canon,
and i was really into jojo so the dialogue reflects that. I think this might be the first instance
of my dialogue being anything near readable in a first draft. speaking of Gamers Against Weed,
the earliest draft of 400ppm is a weird chatroom excerpt, followed by some completely unhinged
dialogue that sounds straight off the desk of a 40 year old who was tasked with writing a 14 year old's dialogue.
and for some reason its from the perspective of some dude in the building they enter, who clearly has a distaste for youth.
ill be uploading that draft fairly soon. this one was tentatively called "United States of Eurasia" 
because.. yeah, i really liked that one Muse album when i was 16. sue me.
Also, the source document for this has a different markup on the dialogue of each character, 
for example underline, italic, bold.. good luck reading the plaintext. hopefully its fine because im not editing this to fix it.]





﻿They were stood in a line, their sets of hands bound to one another. 
That’s the last thing he remembered before she first spoke to him.


“Hey. You, kid in front of me. Hey!”


There came a tapping upon his lower back.
He had to turn to see her. The line moved slowly, and was currently at a 
standstill. The only thing to his back, now, was the edge of the grid, a collective 
of warehouses to house the state-recognized criminals. Some of these criminals were 
proven, others were set for trial and never received one. It mattered very little 
to the state.


She seemed, in all ways, strong. Her words were hard like a stone pyramid, 
steadfast but not aggressive enough to drive him away. She was built well, and 
seemed like the kind of person to win at arm wrestling every time. Then again, this 
was just a cursory glance.


“Uhm… Me?”
“Yeah, you. First of all, nice hat. Second of all, I have a question for you.”
She pauses, and carefully drags her gaze back-and-forth, to see all angles around her.
“Do you… Do you understand the division between ‘right’ and ‘wrong’?
Do you know what constitutes ‘terrorism?’
In other words, why is terrorism the ‘right’ course of action for the terrorist 
themselves, but the ‘wrong’ course of action for society, and the state? What 
separates the ‘good’ from the ‘bad...?’”


He has to think about it. He feels feeble under her gaze, but comforted. Her stance 
in relation to his was like a strong, guiding hand upon the wheel of an automobile, 
whose course was set awry.
He never got a trial. The police caught him stealing, he had sneakily pocketed a 
much needed supply from the medical section of a popular supermarket. One hundred 
millilitres of insulin. Now that he had been apprehended, he couldn’t know for sure 
what had happened to his partner. Without a shot, he surely wouldn’t survive much 
longer.


“I… am not wearing a hat.”
“Way to dodge the question, centrist.”


They two hold a silence that floats stagnantly above the ordering guards, 
commanding a step forward every few seconds, and the swirling winds pick up as they 
near the grid.


“Hey, hat guy… how many guards are up there? They took my glasses.”
“There’s… seven. Why?”


When he turned around, he saw her cutting the tie about her wrists with a small 
blade. The plastic bind fell to the ground, and she, holding her hands near 
together to appear still bound, pulled her shirt down slightly. A deep cut had been 
made in the side of her breast, into which she deposited the blade. She noticed him 
looking, and absentmindedly spoke aloud while carefully searching within her skin.


“Oh, right. This isn’t a normal thing to see, I forgot. It doesn’t hurt much when 
you first do it, but getting it to heal apart is tricky…”


She pulls a small cardboard object, no larger than a cigarette, from the pocket of 
flesh.


“You have to be clever with certain things, to hide objects from ‘them.’”


He was a little shaken.


They were nearly to the guards when the veil of silence was broken.


“You can call me rads, by the way.”
“Like rad? Are you rad?”
“You could say I’m radical. That’s what my state dossier says.”


She slowly twirled the cardboard tubule in her hands, still keeping her wrists 
touching to appear bound.


“You know how to run, kid? Can you run fast?”
“I… suppose so.”
“For both of our sakes, I hope you ain’t lyin’.”


Her left hand, not occupied with the other object, brandished a waterproof match.


“Were you into chemistry in school? I was. It’s my favorite subject.”
“No, I… I preferred math classes. Geometry.”


He was shaking. She wasn’t.


“Get ready now. Take a deep breath. You’ll need it.”


A single moment passed. Then, without warning, another moment. A third. A fourth. 
They were not slowed ticks of a clock, nor a sped up heartbeat. They were one after 
another, in order, in time. One moment per moment. One second per second.  

Then, with the striking of a match, and the toss of the now lit object, a plume of 
smoke enveloped the two in an obscurity. The concentration of carbon dioxide in the 
atmosphere directly surrounding them was precisely four hundred parts per million, 
and as they ran, the air was stale.
