







[AUTHOR'S NOTE:
this is my ideas document. ill update it periodically. general content warning. stream of consciousness.]














﻿On formatting: write small “vignettes” which are numbered according to chapter. Ex: Love Song 1., 2., 3.. 
Numbering can be split over chapters, ex:
Domesday 1., 2., 3., Love Song 1., 2., 3., 4., Domesday 4., 5., Love song 5., 6., 7., 400 PPM 1..
Write as scrolls, biblical format












Domesday clock idea: Maxwell(????) Harbored into the domesday clock witnessing arrays of strange objects and machines, in the style of wacky scifi












Why can't we put silver in our oil?


Based on real events:
The IDOT watching a guy Carnot speed beyond the exit, helping a breakdown?












Based on real events: trying to stay normal in a 24 hour super mart. Scared
Then going to car to kill myself. Exhaust leak.. just sitting listening to music, and eating what I bought. Sale price.. and day olds










Fully colonized & constructed planets of the Volantran Interior are unified via anti-euclidean doorways , (space behind one is house of four doors? Discovered after maintenance turning off a doorway reveals dilapidated concrete behind it? )


Concerning Grand Unified Chair Theory:
Story in the form of a person writing a memoire, being written by someone being criticized for writing decisions. Ends with fadeout(?)
Worker at an expo considering the layout of the room as a voters meeting begins, then noticing how bored the mayor appears as the minutes are read, relating only anecdotal contributions to the meeting, riches to rags by choice but then a return to wealth/power "realizing the inherent superiority of the position I was granted by birth,"






Between two people across the street:
"I need to get to the other side!"
"The other side? You're already over there!"




On characterization: vary all people written. Everyone is part of anything. Remember all connections. People need other people 


________________




On volantran colonized earth interior: plant mandate imposed by human environmentalisrs is circumvented by industrializing living plant tissue. "living plant" per cubic meters mandate is thus obeyed, rather than an inorganic nonliving air purifier 






Rot addled malignant brain tissue of a cybernetic organism being rebooted. It hurts mind space 








Fully interpolated peripheral vision powered by a variant of stable diffusion (early simulator prototypes) by the obsessed 
"Now you see the world like I do!"


To spend a life living in constant back and forth treatments remedies and attempts to cope with hallucinations and unreality and dissociation  
Working the late shift and seeing more things in peripheral than usual
But the actual literal narrative that occurs is that someone is being stalked and obsessed over by a person operating the simulation they exist in, the story would focus on the devotee let's call them confronting this person using a hacked together VR implement, while they're working a night shift alone, after years of having manifested their presence as hallucinations that no medicine ever seemed to help


This pain is a violent one. Loud. Not a quiet suffering. 
Feel self. You feel this pain too. 
You have self. You have to have self. You have to be a person. 
You need to ask their name. 
You have to write a story. 


Everyone Has To Write a Story 
"Oh …. A name?"


[_]
Yes, yes then. The story you wrote, of course. Let's see. 


Can I ask.. what did you write your story about?


[_]
My…
It's not important, I'm sorry. 


Find some way to describe life of the ancient stonemasons. One of them sees the coil, a relic they swear lay within an enormous gash in the earth itself, and describe it to their fellow masons. None care about it that much, and this mason carves the shape into a scrap brick which is used as infill for the castle under construction. Hoping one day it shall be discovered again. (sometime in the future, perhaps it will be discovered again- unexcavated parts of a castle, later discovered by Volantran Housing excavators ??)


Stonemasons - the one who discovers the coil is mocked by the other members of the lodge, for their long hair and general presentation. “Queer, where is my head? Where has my head gone? Upon your shoulders, or mine?”






(At the doctor's office for chest and abdominal pain)
Doctor:"so, your diet, mister-miss, uh.."
Patient:"...it's, not great, Ahah, to tell you the truth.. Um, a lot of, lots of fast food and.. junk food and stuff. Stuff Like that."
Doctor:(nodding and smirking,)"Well, in my professional opinion, you need to cut it back. We did some tests, it'd appear you have quite a few complications, all associated with things like… high sugar intake, difficulty processing fats, saturated fats… do you understand?"
P:"yeah, yeah I got it… I can eat my exercise up and all that, I know I've been kinda laid back, it's just-"
D:(interrupting, words fading from attention)"No, you don't seem to get it. You need to cut these things out of your diet, or you could die. Now, these symptoms can be resultant of a great many underlying conditions, so right now it's not quite crrain enough to diagnose anything, but what we are looking at here might be a malfunction related to to gall bladder- the organ responsible for breaking down larger, food molecules,"


Complete scene recreation from "Office Space" following their partners request to be impregnated "while you still have the parts-"


   1:Guy told me this long joke once. Those long ass jokes, I never liked them. But this was a good one, about the writers comparing the suffering of their characters, ever heard that one?


    2:You're just gonna tell the joke anyways, so let's say I haven't.    


Well it started uh, started off with a… these writers were at a bar, talking… oh, how did it end?


I've heard this one. 
The writers are all at a bar and they're all discussing suffering in fiction, and relief. The first writer says along the lines of, uh, 'well, my characters parents died in front of him when he was a kid!' or some shit. Second one goes, 'yeah? Well, my main character got a divorce, won custody of her kid, and crashed her car on the way home from court, surviving her only child!'
 Third one starts to talk, when suddenly they're cut off by this laughing at the end of the bar from a hooded figure and, uh.. It says something like, 'you-know-who sent me, and He says to remind you all you're still just characters in His story.   
    
That's, uh… that's the one. Yeah. 


    So… what's the point? There's no… punchline. Stupid fuckin jokes. 


It'll come someday, bro. 








Background: HUNGER AWARENESS MONTH 
(Sign above someone throwing out day old donut box)
Hey, want to hear something funny I read?
"Hell is an endless office building, with only one coffee machine."
Isn't that hilarious? Imagine that. A whole world with only one pot of coffee! I'd die!


Could you kill someone?


…huh?


If someone asked you. If someone asked you, and you were capable of it. Besides all your morals, if you somehow agreed they had no reason to live anymore. That they were better off dead. Could you take.. away the life of someone? 




The River is a dream of meatspace. 


Allude to the worshipping and rejection of time: the equinox clock, arguments regarding time among anarchists, etc. 






"I'm not trans- well, I'm, … it's kind of like a, uh… umh, have you ever seen the movie American Psycho?"




Names:
Yezz
Runk
Beith 
Adiru
La (Lah)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%9A%C5%ABnyat%C4%81
Dongram (planting of the jungle. Meat production. Enthusiast. Sensual)


Rarrk (opposes Quincy)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatching_(heraldry) 










Ig


Noch


Argent (white)     
Or (gold)     
Gules (red)     
Sable (black)     
Azure (blue)     
Vert (green)     
Purpure (purple)     
Murrey (mulberry)     
Sanguine (blood-red)     
Tenné (tawny)
  



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blazon 


history of USB plugs




Use Love Song (2050) !!!




Roads tell you what they need from you, and they are constrained by rules. 
Roads follow the rules even when the complexity they describe is dense, large, or even unruly. 
Roads are unlike people in every way. 
I have known people, and I meet people. 
I drive people around at night to get closer to making ends meet. 
People do not follow rules, and they are not designed. 
Random, unpredictable products of every other thing that exists. 
When disorderly, they are hard to understand, because if they follow rules, they may change. 
“Yeah, there is a… Something.”
Confessions are frequent. I have to keep conversation to get a good rating. I am not disgusted, I am not abrasive, and I am rated highly.
“What is this something?”
The eyes in that drunken head flick up at the rear view mirror. I see it via peripheral advantage.
“It’s weird, it is. It’s their mouths, mouths, something… Something about their mouths, canine mouths or vulpine, fox mouths.”
A slurry of words. The left only lane approaches. One point two miles. Ten thirty four post meridian. Pub crawling hour. The drunkards seek transport, and this is a busy time. Many inebriated confessions addle these hours.
“You don't, you’re… You know, you won’t tell them on me, will you?”
“I just drive you where you pay me to, sir.”
“Yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Beautiful, you have a beautiful, beautiful heart. You’re a beautiful… Heart. Okay?”
Zero point seven miles. Destination on the right.








Even the sway of tree branches in the wind is recorded,  in the response of the fibers within strengthening in turn 




Lesserment of possession context in language over time in anarchist colonies. Figure out how that happens, evolution of language over time, dropping certain context within structure  research etymology 




A languageless colony , 
Maybe appropriated by upper class as a cleansing gimmick 




Anarchist colony oceanic coastline. Ft Myers beach?
Incorporate:
* Myst shoreline houses (on waterlogged supports)
* "Pain is not inherently negative - " just an interface with the ground. Seeing with your soles. One with the Earth - to walk barefooted


Universe maintenance
Individual from next reality up from Domesday book universe, goes in for maintenance. Taking the place of various figures throughout book. Switching between lives.
* “It’s easier simply to have a vessel born organically- autopilot for a few years, and take it over.”
* Have a reason the simulation continues to run- maybe coveted by coworkers? Discovered? Maybe they form some kind of organization around knowing the future. Could be a good parody of some things (masonic parody/critique)
 
It lets me live forever. 
(Quantum suicidal implant?necklace?)


One day we just started counting!


Tendrils rivulet unending, tentative though tumultuous, irresolute confidant repudiates as of supposed circumstance .
As fluid, Stone and metal Earthen sky actuate effigy to amalgamate beholden ecumenical ambidexter, object reality subjects proclivity to learned organisms 
- words words words words words words words....




Gloves stained red 


"Volantran standard interior material. Should take a few XXX years until it even starts degrading"(Byronic, walls torn asunder)


Thrice I had dreamt of a new reality. 
For the fourth time I sense your neutrality. 
All indifferent to the poignant totality. 


Could you know anything of this?
Can I know anything of it 
Can you know anything of this?
Could I know anything of it 


Driverless hearse 




“I hope this makes it to you
I hope,
I hope-”
(following tape around everything, specifically that which contains the original copy of the song
Bring in voicemails- “hello?” From grandpa)




“Carnot’s Theorem”
Driver notices theyre not losing gas. Engine of their car has suddenly reached such efficiency that it surpasses a Carnot engine. After confirming it’s not a mistake by taking it to a mechanic, the mechanic insists for them to keep it here to be used for the good of humanity in energy generation. After the mechanic steps out, the driver comandeers their vehicle, crashing through the partially closed garage door in a fervent attempt to sell the machine for a lot of money. In the pouring sleet and snow, they careen out of control and slam fatally into a telephone pole. The car is towed to a scrap yard before being purchased by Max, engine disposed of, and converting it to electric as seen in Domesday I & II.
[combine Carnot’s with “Oil”? Double short story?]


Remember Carnot's Theorem
[11:59 PM]
Short story I had thought of where someone's car starts using gas at an efficiency equal to or greater than 100%
January 9, 2023


noomajamoon — 01/09/2023 12:00 AM
They start speeding off obsessed with discovering ways to exploit it by selling it to the government
Then they swerve crash and die


Then I had the separate idea for
A world beyond ours wherein all peoples are
I explained it to you I don't remember
Then it would become a music video for that machine girl song
Anyways they're gonna be one thingprobably


Carnot crashes and
Wakes up behind the wheel again in a reality of greyscale
Suddenly the roads are all empty and it's night
Must've been passed out for a few hours, thank god I’m alive
They start driving again and everything's different
Every street light is dim and even the ones that were broken before don't flicker anymore
A constant sodium hum
There are cars on the road without people in them. Still
They get out of the car and start walking
And every street and sidewalk is cold and empty
There's no breeze at all and the sky is a blank grey from the light pollution
Inside a house there's people sitting staring onward no one talks and they're not in company of each other. When Carnot opens the door to cast shadow over the sitting people, they close it behind them and the shadow withdraws to reveal no one there


The car is still running
And the tollway starts
Steady rumbling engine offbeat from the crash above the tollway starting
As path feels outward
Each new link is a painful necrotic graft
Tollway to freeways and highways. Roads of the back country give way to city streets and sidewalks. Gravel paths in backyards and worn patches of land from generations of trodding. Every inch jolts to life in a shock of geometric pattern. pain
Light of life where it should not be


Meanwhile Carnot died in the crash. The towed vehicle was going to be scrapped, but before it's spot in the queue was reached the company went under on account of the civil war ramping up in intensity. By luck a certain individual by the name of Maxwell discovered the vehicle, retrofitting it with parts from various disposed electric cars. The thing didn't get much speed, it wasn't reliable. But it moved faster than his own two legs. It's maiden voyage was a pilgrimage. He had to drop off his best friend Seth, as the courier he was to rendezvous with was an Anarchist soldier, with a brutal distaste for any product of industry. Max was to drive up, nearly to the shore of Lake Michigan, and await Seth's arrival. Unfortunately, his curiosity in assembling ancient machine parts led him to a different path, and once Seth reached the car, Max was nowhere to be found. Heading to the riverside, Seth also found himself down and out, transported by means beyond his species comprehension for at least a few thousand years, to a point in a distant cycle beyond any recollection of the world he came from


noomajamoon — 01/09/2023 12:30 AM
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossed_letter




“Oil”
Your guide to the world of petroleum. 
An insurgent seeking out to assassinate-an example.
Mechanic or perhaps planner for pipeline of some sort- touring and celebrating the “lifeblood of industry” that is oil, that is energy, equivalence , to the point where he slips and is engulfed by the crude liquid. 
Detailing the asphyxiating, pungent demise, and the decay, the liquid waste of his remains further tainting the fuel.
Pulled out. 
Insurgent does
Fix
Lack of blood
Lost pressure
And returned 


GO PHOTOGRAPH THESE:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Beith_House
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arcada_Theater_Building
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Charles_Municipal_Building#In_popular_culture




suddenly i’m driving a car?


Braindrops lore (line of clones one hired an assassin for the next ones (why?))




Regarding Seven housing grid & Byronic: Eventually, cloning apparatus was installed in housing towers to create new workers. After right-triangular housing grid fell into disuse (why?) they mostly ceased function, but occasionally a new worker is produced, hence the existence of individual in Byronic (and their confinement from the exterior, scorched windows & caved in bottom floors, they cant see the outposts beyond the tower.) must need some food synthesis system to survive though. Maybe DNA sample could be from the one who hates animals in Housing (housing?) - the one who thinks animals are consumers and plants are pure life, but animals humans just destroy, consuming plants and life and nature to grow themselves, a scour, to be cured. SOLUTION?


PROPAGANDA IDEAS:
________________
* "Cemetery":


Furthering concepts of time, linearity, cycles, death, growth, being, will write a series of short chapters inspired by corresponding tracks of King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard's 6th studio album Paper Mache dream Balloon , detailing maintenance of a cemetery and additionally hobby digging and construction of a series of underground chambers nearby (which survive into the era of Volantran colonization of earth, later located in the arc I plan inspired by "House of Four Doors" by The Moody Blues




“O’hare” [NOT FINAL TITLE]
"Section 8"
Mita's older sibling brother?
A precursory period to Earth's Volantran Interior - Section 8, OHare airport, city within, braided pedways roads and rails. 


MAYBE spaceport- spacecraft parking garage. Massive. If so this might imply early earth contact with Volantra prior to colonization. Maybe the colony was unintentional-blending of civilizations. Maybe an embassy simply expanded. Its nature?


New short story within the twisting, expanding, self internalizing confines of o’hare airport. The underground concrete labyrinth blending in with the parking garages and upper floors of the port- retrofitted, following Volantran colonization, to become a spaceport- the old technology kindling in use against the new. Shuttles with CRT monitors of the rear view, large horizontal steering wheels. Routine routes relived relentlessly.
The rust of the rebar breaching the concrete, framing Anarchists who fled to the Statist US, put into low class jobs. Lower level workers. The upper level is still revered at this point, by humans, the natural world is placed in utter importance- a hierarchy,  
Though the Volantrans continue to propagandize the interior to all classes.




180⁰:
A guy installing a seal on a doorway of a building about to be heat treated for an infestation of bugs strips the screw on the exit lock and gets trapped in there to start to slowcook to death & the combination of breathing pesticide and being swarmed by panicking bugs makes his demise an interesting experience
(Hallucinations from chemicals, influenced by bugs on him )




"Meatspace"


Some Components:
De-plastifier strains of colonies
"The black"
Superprion
Transmorphic Slime Symbiote (From Jasper’s Canon)


In sweeper: Bill discovers a skeleton in the dump. Dark grey plaque among it. “The Black.” A new unidentified type of microorganism that converts biological mass to waste gas extremely efficiently. (a deployed Solution.)
Exploited in the future? -> “Old fashioned space-rockets for sale!!” (Faux parodies of the nonexistent- luxury craft powered by ancient rocket fuel- produced en masse by genetically modified “The Black”)
“The Black” is channeled in factories into clusters, whose metabolism is controlled by a new linked system analogous to a nervous system.
"The Black" is modified to produce extremely heat conductive gas for heat management in portions of Volantran colonized earth, and later coveted by all Volantra colonies as a new era of heat management. (allusion to air conditioning energy usage?)
Following the collapse of Volantran Earth, the events of Byronic see “The Black” utilized in the conception of “meatspace.”


"Meatspace" grows vast enough to formulate consciousness – which splits off into opposing "mindscapes"– "what is the point of this? Why anything?"


Opposing ontologies within "meatspace" diverge into (logical, not physical) megaclusters: one opens (physical) and spits mass and energy to create a new world within the void of itself. A distant event an individual from that world, conversing with "meatspace" and entering it with their consciousness–a biological logical network link




“do you know what it means to be the apex species of life? we have so far to fall.“




Death is as life is. It’s living to feel fear. It’s living to feel pain. 
Do you understand? I am giving you life.


Comic(?) Idea, "But Cars are 5 Bucks Now"
Entirely car dependent infrastructure shortly predating total volantran colonization of earth leads to bills being passed to require cars to cost at most $5 


$5 rough planning:
Begins with two characters on their way to jury duty in a trial about a car going the wrong way down a one way street (the same as observed by Bill in sweeper) colliding with a pedestrian. Friend (MC2) drops off MC1 at the court and the proceedings occur, ruling the pedestrian guilty of jaywalking and sentenced to hefty fines(?). Then MC1 is picked up and MC2 suggests they go car shopping. At the depot of $5 cars they run into some coworker friends and someone suggests they go to the stripclub (“shapeshifting sweethearts”?)
$5 ideas:
* “looking for inexperienced businessman”
* street side small sign advertisement for learning dentistry- “fix teeth fast!”?
* “you’ve seen this man?” poster 
* "Guns don't kill people, bullets kill people." (Anti munitions counsel)
* "Meet Jesus Now: FREE next day deliverance!"
* Work happy! Lighted billboard
* (Pamphlet in police office for special Olympics, front page has police officer holding up an Olympic torch with a visually distressed contestants hand just under his)
"This comic contains AI generated and/or altered content. Before reading, consult a physician to see if your heart is healthy enough for AI."
Misc.:


1 and 2 witness a street beggar being taken away in a cop car while stopped at a red light. 2 recounts story:
I knew a guy on the force. That cop was a saint compared to what they'd do back in the day, man. Before all this woke shit. 
This one guy and his buddy cops had found a well known car thief. They cuffed the guy to a tree, put meat down his pants and had the K9 unit on a leash, letting him at the guy just a few inches from neutering the fucker. The other thief, they told him to start running and after a ten second headstart, they started shootin. They weren't blanks either.  


1 and 2 witness a street beggar being taken away in a cop car while stopped at a red light. 2 recounts story:
"I knew a guy on the force. That cop was a saint compared to what they'd do back in the day, man. Before all this woke shit. "
"This one guy and his buddy, they were cops. They found a well known car thief pokin around in the Rutherford Woods over there."
"Well anyways, they cuffed the guy to a tree, dude was hiding evidence or some shit."
"So these guys, they put some fuckin raw meat down his pants and had the K9 unit on a leash, y'know? Letting him at the guy just a few inches from neutering the motherfucker."
"Well, in the commotion, they saw this other fuckin guy running off into the woods. They yelled after the fucker, 'Keep runnin, you got ten seconds, asshole!'"
"Well, after the count down was over they started shootin. Those weren't blanks either, I tell you that much. Now that's fuckin justice, man."


Witnesses a cop detaining a street beggar 


Recurring thought., Forgotten:
If I turn the pillow case inside out, I don't have to wash it yet.  


Dialogue style per character: 3's inconsistent , ransom letter typeface conglomeration .




Corner store cortozone shot


Phone call detailing insurance information on suicidal relative:
"Mark it murder. This fuckin guy.."
…
"No, listen, there's no payout for ruled suicides. C'mon, do me a favor.. You know you owe me… My guy. Alright, yep.. yea- yep, see you at dinner this Sunday. After Church, yeah."


Pages:: 
Intro in car: 
2:”youll be fine. Don't worry about that shit.”
1:”Yeah, really? Im just nervous.”
2:”Don’t be nervous. Court cases are really cut and dry. It’ll be easy.”
1:”and you’ll pick me up afterwards?”
2:”Of course. And tomorrow I’ll bring you to the IV meeting.


*Loud cars speed past*


2:"fuck is this, the shitbox pride parade today? Fuckers who drive like that need to be put down."


Trial:
The proceedings would go typical of most pedestrian v driver trials of the same caliber. On site administered drug and inebriation tests would be referenced. Both parties would be found sober. License was up to date for the driver, but not the pedestrian. Accrual of a $500 fee up to that point for an expired license, and other than that the case is dropped as the driver chose not to press charges of jaywalking. 


Picked up from trial:
2:"hey, how'd it go?"
1:"all good. Where are we heading now?"
2:"do you mind stopping by the dealer with me to meet up with the work guys? They want me to check out the new car they're debating about."
1:"yeah, that's alright."
2:"okay, after that I'll bring you home."




Dialogue for meeting coworkers at car dealer:
3:"eyyy, good to see you fuckers!"
1:"hello"
2:"what's goin' on man?"
4:"glad you faggots are here. Break this tie for us, will you?"
3:"would you shut the fuck up? It's clearly gotta be the blue, look at that shine."
4:"fuckin guy, the blue, always the blue. How many fuckin blue cars do you have now, huh?"
3:"what, we talking registered or unregistered?"
*General laughter*


*Focused on 1's perspective*
The cars all had sheen coats of factory new paints. Some had flatbeds, some hatchbacks, or sedans and the like. Two four six doors. Or maybe eight. The shapes and sizes sort of blend. Colors help differentiate. There was always a lot of black, a lot of white. Shapes sizes and colors. What do they mean?


*1 focused back on surroundings*
2:"-you kidding me? I hate these fucking places. I'm only here because this retard wants a third joyride."
1:"oh, man you're up to three on your limit now?"
3:"nah, no, I had one grandfathered from before the price drop, and one from my fucking whore wife. Then of course, mine. I tried getting a third up but my deadbeat son is on some kinda government disability shit. Not deemed a safe driver. So, I'm deregistering the old one I got last year."
4:""sold" to the village again, eh?"
3:"eheheh, yeah, you know it. Parked down in the old public works warehouse. Joyrides only for that baby now."
2:"So, what, the blue? Or red?"
4:"here we go…"
3:"nah, nah, you got me thinking, alright? No more blue. Red this time for sure. It's bright."
2:"yeah?"
3:"yeah. It's a bright, clean red. And hey, not like I can't grab a new one if I change my mind, eh? Ahahaha"
2:"this fuckin guy."
3:"ey, fuck this. Let's all go down to the club, huh?"
2:"I don't know, man. I haven't been to one of those in a while."
3:"c'mon man! New ride and all, let's take her out!"
4:"yeah, c'mon man! It'll be fun! C'mon, first round on me, man."
2:*looking to 1*"you wanna go?"
1:"sure, I guess."
3,4:"yeeaah man!"




At club:


Ideas: "fuck, you think I came here for the food?" *Waitress delivers a tray of fried cheese curds that 1 ordered*
1:"oh hey. Where's 8?"
2:"overtime at the apartment complex. Some lady called in sewage water leaking from her ceiling- turns out the guy upstairs died right there weeks ago, maybe months. Fuckin grey matter has been melting through the floor into the unit below."
1:"fuckin shame."
2:"amen." (Looking at dancers)


2:"hey, I think I'm gonna head out."
3:"yeah man? Alright, hey, let me take the kid with me. Show em a nice ride in the new car, yeah?"
1:"alright, sure."


*2 takes 1 aside walking them out, falling behind the group
2:"hey, you take care going with that fuckhead. You know how he drives.
2:"you remember what I told you, alright? If you get anxious just start counting in your head, remember?
*1 remains silent 


3 takes 1 home after the club. Sees a fire truck lights ablaze pull out in front of them down the road, starts speeding to keep up with it. 
3:"this is our ticket to ride!!! No red lights for me motherfucker!!! Let's see how fast this bitch can go.."




Voters meeting:
A:"Everything dies and that's the way it's always been." (Anti immortality propaganda)
Someone tells 1 about counting to alleviate stress. Has to leave early?




Plummet:
Counting after fallen into ground void from removed tree. Have it mentioned earlier. 
Everything dies and that's the way it's always been. 






128²
1:Someone at W's door. 
2:"Hey! Nice new shirt. I never see you wearing light colored shirts around."
3:W:"yeah… I bleed a lot. It stains."
4: …. W:"come on in."


"How To Be Transgender"
A short story comic detailing a therapy session of a gender confused individual who traverses their town in near constant reverence of the identity presentation of everyone they meet, while silently dreading a promised conversation with their monogamous partner about their being polyamorous.
Juxtapose sun position in each new chapter.


Androgynous MC who has no confirmed pronouns or gender identity. All about confusion and determinism 


Continually encountering different people with varying gender identities and being amazed by them 


Main Character is waiting in the office to see psychiatrist, crayon doodling them and their partner. The panels of the comic are as so: 
1. [The crayon drawing on a table before the Main Character]: *Red and blue stick figures Frolicking hand in hand with flowers, looking at the sky.* "Isn't it beautiful?" Says the red figure.
2. Blue figure looks down. A text message speech bubble above them: "I can't handle you being with other people and me at the same time."
3. MC:  (looking at drawing)
4. Text message speech bubble above Blue: "It's just not for me… I'm sorry…"
MC gets upset at the drawing, "why can't you ever say anything else?"
The psychiatrist looks in through a now opened door and calls MC in to the session. 








Psychiatrist:"Okay! So, I saw you doodling in the waiting room, so I'm thinking, how about a prompt drawing today? Would you like that?"
MC nods lightly looking on. 
Psy:"So let's see.. today, how about we draw an ideal situation?"
MC:"what Id want the most?"
P:"what you'd like the most, yes! I'll do one too!"
Crayon drawing, a typical house, one story house, stick figures of varying colors all smiling and holding hands. 
P:"all finished? Wow, I like it!"
P:*pointing at center figure*"who's this?"
MC:"that one's me."
P:*pointing at another*"and them?"
MC:"that's Byrd, from highschool days. They're wearing the flower I gave them on our first date."
P:*points at next figure*
MC:"Kat, we were together for a few months a few years back. That's her favorite shirt, with the cat on it."
P:”Now what about this last blue one?”
MC:”Thats, uh.. Well, do you think we could talk.. About him?”




After therapy, a trip to laundromat. 


















Oh… a name?
















bite of the chill wakes him up (?)
________________


STRAWBERRY CUBE TIMELINE


Cube is forged:
Seth gives the cube to Edith.
After Edith is extricated from The Baker, strawberry/farmer from LS2 intro takes the cube and gives it to Eva.  the cube ends up as a paperweight on the desk of The Baker whole Eva works there. She comments that the love of her life gave it to her. (generations pass?) Ezekiel and Kiani, having been born in AnSTC, become nomads, are given the cube as a parting gift by the one working the front desk of the hotel (a rest spot for travelling bikers, headed by Eva? She works the desk and fixes bikes? old)
In 400ppm, Ezekiel grabs the cube while packing up to “migrate.” He feels the edges. Kiani comments that theyre starting to wear, playfully says its probably because “you spend so much time rubbing away at their shape with those busy little hands of yours.”
Near end of 400ppm, Ezekiel is picked up by Gee, Gee inspects the object as it had fallen out of Ezekiel’s bag when he put it down in Gee’s truck, “This is beautiful. You should count yourself lucky to possess such an object.” 
when Gee hears God he takes his truck, the cube sitting on the dash, to Russia. Breaks down? He hitch hikes to Africa, with the cube, its beauty alluring him to keep it close. Having painted the Messiah, he collapses and dies admiring the green leaf.
During Messiah, the cube is witnessed and briefly described by the individual who had broken out of the Free complex. (Figure out how it might end up at The End of Electronics.)
________________


Domesday I & II


NEED TO BUILD MAX AND SETH FRIENDSHIP. (something separates them - Seth meets an old friend, Edith, to gather supplies along their trade route. Max can’t go because certain Anarchists vehemently despise use of Statist technology, so he pledges to meet Seth at the endpoint of their travels.)




Domesday I:
Paul ship origin - build “Xenos” (rename planet? seems too sharp)




Max assembles domesday coil, 
Paul ship lands, 
Max takes it to space accidentally. 
Ship auto returns to its owner, near a colony starting around a black hole.
 Max somehow ends up at the colony, (Paul takes him there as he’s nowhere else to go?)
spends some time there, 
wants to return to earth. 
Meets someone to take him there. (Iliah FIdlar. Friend of Ortus)
time dilation means he emerges from the colony in the distant future. 
(? figure this part out better)


Perpetuum 
Domesday II:
Seth and Max are traveling together. 
Seth finds Max car abandoned. Somehow recounts the story. Walks around looking for him reaches River. Rests on a beached raft falls asleep. awoken with a jerking motion, the raft is caught in a torrent as rain pelts the earth. Rushing glowing aura of blue vibrant shining light beneath the tide and, in panic, Seth topples forward into the water and overlaps. Surfaces in The River, plunges back under, surfaces again into the future of Iteration 0. Clambers to shore. Ruins of the earth. the rain dampens long dead trees, barren dirt. 
Max and Seth meet again on the barren rock of earth, 
“Hello old friend…”
“How long has it been?”
“Long? We do not count here…”


Domesday II: 
Traversing ancient abandoned roadways. I wonder what happened here? 
Who knows. 


Max brick collecting. Seth suggests it's pretty heavy to carry on foot, so they agree upon stacking into piles, "to come back to." Eventually more and more ornate, totems constructed from nearby found bricks. 








. They wander. Observe the ruins. Small outposts(?). Reaches old statist housing grid. 
Witnesses Byronic. 




strangely perfect patterns of holes surround the wooden posts, as if created by some mechanical implement designed to perforate at exact intervals. 


you wouldn’t happen to have a cigarette would you?


even blanketed by the rustling blankets of leaves in the breeze,
the presence of man is loud. unseemly. 




rushing winds stirred the shadows about on the ground. 






“Solution”
“Do you place blame upon the trees growing rigid fibers to resist the wind- only for that wood to be used to house evil men? Are you one to despise the fabrication of steel, the backbone of our structures, because it is used in the construction of alloys for destructive tanks in wartime? I am but growing, building my own sake of life by the offshoot of oppression…”






“Housing”


Established contact between higher-ups on earth and volantran colonization efforts may have been established long before the colonization of earth by volantrans
In the sense that contact was made, and a / the government of earth decided it would simply be too strenuous on the society of earth and cause hysteria
And that it's of the continued opinion of the government of volantra and the galactic federation (or whatever I might have in that place) that the homo sapiens are still mostly too dangerous
So only certain "learned, intelligent individuals" are aware of extra terrestrial complex life


{Rough!}: maintenance crew working in the Volantran interior of colonized earth. discovery is made of an ancient house forgotten in grey space between walls. 




Shapeshifting sweethearts: a visit to the gentlemen’s club w/MC from “Housing,” (“let’s not go to the form-to-fit room. Some things you just don't want to see twice.” individual silence between them all.)
In the club: A gentleman was playing the piano with great fervor, straining a smile. A stripe of blood flowed from his whitened nose.


our jobs are our purpose-
my job could be replaced by a block of wood -door holder
oh -mc


Fuckin yourself up and killin yourself is just a waste of time. They wont pay you more for more work. Just go at your own pace


that’s a fucking toy. let’s get the real destroyer. pw?
leads to accident too big falls


something missing. an emptiness. “something about some vestigial organ, which used to require us to keep a sort of rhythm of air intake. Nowadays it’s all automatic.”


security cam worker is analogue of AI 




grand chair theory


someone misplaced soemtning, that’s why they go to surveillance to see what happened 


“it’s a kind of natural dominance-“ (struggling to open candy)


fellow defective worker guides MC of Housing - “a little birdie told me you’re defective too-“
Volantran officials pride themselves on “Genetic Excellence” in their products- defectives have leverage over them to keep it a secret- but if they cause too much trouble, Volantra makes an “accident” to dispose of defective & some collateral high quality workers- to make it seem unintentional. Guide used his leverage “to pry”- to learn of all this. but he doesn’t cause problems, so they keep him around. his defect? “work… work mathics? meth… ethics. work ethics. too much or too little or something like that.” MC stands patiently waiting to start work on their assigned task but Guide sits eating snack food and reading 




observation network embedded in Volantran interior that sends data (24/7/365 camera footage, audio, pressure sensors and door/window opening sensors) to rented matrioshka computer space for AI examination, selecting outlying incidents and reporting to upper Volantran management. (some workers defect, and carefully try to appear as normal to the network? that’s why they went through the vents? maybe one planted in incident digest to dismiss a detected outlier event?)








house of four doors non euclidean ? they get trapped forever? what are its origins ? Iliah windows?


why not androids and robots ? silicon shortage (political? war? gas shortage? industry collapse? look into the production of microprocessors and silicon.)


“weather is a myth”


fortified sidewalk 


big ventilation shaft (walkthrough) (why?)


very dense nonhuman animal population (noisy) because remnants of EPA tried to help repopulate dying species but they were confined by human expansion 


floor cleaner scented after a fruit- “can’t pin down which one”


Suicide note for someone they hated. “Oh, no, it’s nothing.”




someone awoken from looong coma in volantran colonized earth (?). freaks out trying to escape and sees what they think is sunlight. but it’s artificial 
Workers are designed commissioned. Placed in a living tenement, to wake up and begin work. One malfunctions and has no programmed memory.


^cont.: workers are created to enjoy their existence in their job position. programmed to be happy when at work. if they aren’t, they’re defective and should be disposed of- subject of “Housing” should be defective, but hiding it to avoid culling. suggesting new changes to make things more efficient, and being outcast and and punished as a result (oven cleaner, eats skin )
^cont.: individual (name?) false memories mixing with perception of reality (coming to from a coma with light brain injury)












Beith house = house of four doors. (covered and forgotten by Volantran colonizers. “There’s some kind of void here- nothing charted behind these walls. as if the space they contain shouldn’t exist at all.”)








tortured with oven cleaner (skin dissolving cleaner?) for aversion to status quo (????)




geothermal entropy






















reality flows discrete division steps like walking down the road. sometimes rocks propel from your shoe setting down. 


^ -> time is rotation of gears? teeth are steps: continuous flowing, but we perceive in terms of each tooth, discrete divisions one step at a time 




maybe some things discrete some flowing analog ? like a bike wheel versus steps of walking. Fuck you fuck off I hate you 


also: “infinite” computation . it seems forever but it’s pulling energy of untold realities. not known to operator (anti ortus ?)because of the unfortunate loss of information over time. 






Volantran maintenance tools:
* metal rod bearing spools of various wiring
* 

volantran interior ideas:
* massive fuse and enormous power kill switch 
* 

statists don't pursue anarchist land because it is depleted of resources. figure out that timeline 


Okay so some stuff to think about:


build interior map for reference on mctc2?




Tying in with old ideas is good.
Joey(placeholder name? (Who?)) should probably be used after Sweeper, something with the Eraser idea i had at public works. (descent into the sweepings pit to reach old machines, some obsession with them maybe? dunno)










The River




The River (?):
Devot is on a pilgrimage to find his name. His culture is made of individuals who have born names with which they do not identify, but of age or when ready(?) Are sent to find their "true"' name. Trans / allegory? Devot remains dissatisfied, finding no name-further allegory   on identity, and lack of it 






Solidity, fluidity, motion and energy. Four, right? Even here upon the scrolls you study, they number four .. these basal concepts. Call them what you will. Substance, change, liberation and volition.. the grand elements. Sure. That's what everyone says. It's a beautiful balance, a cycle, sets of compliments and duality of opposition and cooperation. Everyone says the same thing, always. Do you wonder why?


You… wonder the same thing, don't you?


Wondering is what I do best… wandering and wondering. Ohh, what a phonetic pair!


You wonder why? So… well, do you think… there's something else?


Else?


Beyond the elements. Besides the framework.. something different. Maybe something unexplainable? 


It's just a mess. No powers, no states countries or planets, no classes and no rulers. Not really. It's all imaginary, it's all arbitrary.. none of that stuff is real, not really. It's all just a big mess. 








Reckoning:
an absolute precision that, once attained to within a certain extent of the precision of the perfect (mathematical) world, allows manipulation of the geometry of reality, with ability / reach / strength of the manipulation dependent on how precise one had come. geometric shapes are one expression of the universal language, algebra is another, calculus a third, etc..


Something else:
The immortality coalition thing from old domesday.. That could be expanded upon using the incels thing. Maybe:


the chain is infinite but only in one direction
therefore not requiring infinite bandwidth and processing power on the -nth simulation
it has a definite end on the interior, but no definite start hence the name “Limit” for the origin. it’s a point to mark the edge of infinity. i really need to learn calculus
the definite end will probably be around where antiOrtus exists, perhaps the inflection of change could be them observing the final link in the chain. or something


anti-ortus(??????)
they are bent on issuing destruction rather than preventing it: nudges events into place to create the new world, an agent of fate, believes its their only choice. 
ensures someone (who?) is hired into a prestigious job, maybe by encouraging their interest in the job from their young age. that person goes on to offspring a catalyst lighter. lighter somehow discovers the reason for their existence, (??) grapples with the fact their reality is only there to engage immense suffering for all living things to endure. (tries to do good, it ends up doing harm. )
perhaps the above idea could also be combined with the monarchy time-loop thing i came up with from incels?(?) if i remeber correctly it was like:
group of friends begins a cult by progression of years. discovering the secret to stop aging (dna strand dégradation halt and such). only one living forever others are killed somehow (accident?). oversees the group, it grows and fractals into roots and branches and leaves. (bears fruit?). a young newcomer to group perhaps born into it seems similar to him he knows why. it is him. cult slowly dissenting into a fractured state of many. in his final moment of wielding power he dissolves the bonds of the group, “know this (young one?)... i’ve been waiting to do this for a long time.”
newcomer ages, overlaps somehow. (come up with soemtning good). comes out back in time (parallel?) and ends up being the one to outlive the initial group of friends who started the group. completes the circuit. 




perfectionist working an imperfect craft 
new shoes. (propel one forward, as good shoes might ought to do)
(housing) maintenance crew with multi tool in volantra Volantran colonized Earth


Regarding Volantran Architecture.  
The Volantran problem seems to plague in breadth, stubbornness, and the indeterminable state of its source. 
What needs to be done is to synthesize a code, or ordinance, a standardization of construction methodology, with consistent compounds in use, common sizes of fasteners, arrays of plank and material width and length, etc. 
The beginning will be categories, expandable as required, of common concrete mixture recipes for various purposes, the first of which to be decided are those for:
1. Foundational Concrete (floors)
Foundational Concrete must have a mixture that provides, above all else, strength and rigidity of shape over extended periods of time. 
2. Separation Concrete (walls)
Separation Concrete should be light and pliable, for it may need to be carved into on occasion to provide the connection between units and rooms, such as ventilation, wiring, piping, networking, and etc.
3. Structural Concrete
Structural Concrete shall be used as filler sandwiched strategically between Seperation Concrete, and embedded regularly by ordinance depending on bared weight with stainless alloy beams. Its purpose is to support weight, as such its composition must be one that provides absolute strength as well as extreme rigidity. 
      4.   Exterior Concrete (ceiling, rooves, exterior)
Exterior Concrete should be absolutely durable, as well as easily patchable and repairable in case of any type of failure, considering its constant exposure to the exterior of the atmosphere. Maintenance required on it should be minimal, and it should not degrade significantly by sunlight nor weather, to ensure longevity and infrequency of replacement. 


Following a concrete “Exterior,” the “Interior” rooms must be ordained as well. Dried and treated lumber shall form skeletons upon which sheets of pressed fibrous paste shall be affixed, to serve as paintable surfaces which can house furnishings. 




domesdayverse is a simulation run by a person somewhere outside of earth
they based it off their universe
then after running the simulation and seeing all the death and how terrible stuff happens
they start noticing later that the conditions for the simulation they made start to happen in their universe
by chance, they happened to randomly guess the events that would occur in the future and simulate them
so they go to earth to try to stop it
and they end up becoming the stranded person who created the domesday coil


Strawberries


the first postulate = big bang = let there be light/form


person running domesdayverse simulation notices later that starting conditions align with the simulation( accidentally simulated the future by chance) becomes the stranded person from domesday trying to prevent the reality from happening. 


Understand Everything


To define is to limit






we are what we create. 
we can only create what we are(?)


gradient. (not necessarily infinite both ways)


no definite start, but a definite end. 
(“We are at the end of infinity.”)
of interest:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asymptote
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limit_of_a_function






Life opposes entropy




why don’t we discuss mundane things taken for granted?
why don’t we praise the plants for growing us fruit?
why don’t we praise the sun for giving us unyielding life?




“science” and “magic” are the same entity






chants charged words of hatred at the man in the cage. wheeled down the street approaching end


carved into flesh to remember. couldn’t find paper and pen (love song maybe? Obsessed mathematist)


Compression algorithm between similar events in universe simulations creates universe overlap
^
The river (Fox River) occurs unusually often in many simulations due to an oversight in the universal algorithm. river overlap 


the bike Mita finds is one discarded from Love Song part 2 (which bike? think about it) (Ace’s bike)


find a way to connect it to The River








things for max to do in space:
giant tetris
Game of war (title?) (like risk or civilization) but its real societies 






Someone should figure out that it’s overlapping and raft down the river with some instrument to cause overlaps to forcefully occur (Perpetuum? Swab? he misses Max(??))






a spider sucked up by vaccuum 




wind rushing between buildings. a passing train


Fear is a part of life. It is proof that one is living












List of phrases:
* hopskip 
* jingle jangle of keys 
* diminishing walls side ascending stair steps 
* crackled loose-paint flakes warily upon the tile
* a chairstack wavers to, threatening collapse 
* iles of asbestos 
* wettened floor tinged of bleach 
* soap oil scratchbrushed upon lacquered wood
* Rocks crunch underfoot
* Why trust the catwalk more than the ground? (do you know that for certain)
* What happens to a thought held in the mind of a man when he dies?
* Maggots in the flesh (eating)
* On impact, the hand twisted, a most vile cracking sound and misshape of the flesh. 




* 

“Baker”
after the US splits into a two sided civil war over the abolition of government, the eastern side is anarchist and the western side is generally pro state
there’s a temporary de-occupation of most businesses except for big wholesale places like costco and woodmans, so one young man seized the opportunity to take over downtown saint charles, he occupies hotel baker that was built here in 1920 and fixes its old decommissioned underground water wheel to operate independent of the power grid, and blows up all the bridges spanning the river except for one which he taxes crossers in food and coin
by the time his reign is established with various archival efforts to obtain a safekeeping of every important history book and textbooks, only the shops who source local farmer produce have opened back up under a new bartering system, and currency starts to lose value in the east


LOVE SONG


Love Song
(updated oct 17 2021)


A guardsman working to protect Edith’s suite starts getting unsettled from his behavior regarding the taxation of the bridge crossers and his treatment of the young monks being taught to copy books and seal them in tombs, so he begins an interior conspiracy (along with one of the vagrants, Atticus, who shows up and decides to occupy the new town after losing his bike to the current of the river)




part 1:
- nomad on foot 
- passes by minnesota cabin on the lake. uses its facilities respectfully
- steals a few stalks of corn for food 
- 


part 2:
- post collapse downtown saint charles 
- hotel baker is occupied for the sake of archival
- a band of vagrants (and one of the noncouple) approaches and is taught about the history of the place




part 3:
- separately, two boys (19-20?) study higher mathematics from antique books while living nomadically on bikes
- they’re on the verge of a mathematic breakthrough but cannot realize it due to their minds clouded by collectively repressed romantic feelings for each other
- one wants to venture to the desert but the other refuses, they split up in a mutual sadness
- the returning one observes two trees growing towards each other, almost forming a living wooded gate around a path in old elgin 
- the other sees God and inscribes it’s form upon a slab of rock before dying of thirst in the desert 


(one will reach the baker. takes place before the first part of the book. one is part of the vagrant tribe in a reveal at the end.)






cascading yawns of concrete walls encase a large merchant route, spanning down the coast of what was once lake superior. sometimes i think everyone in this world is mad. everyone but me is mad
Someone must encase strawberry leaves in epoxy as a memento to their lover. (will appear in Messiah,[howdoes it get there? 400ppm Africa? Big road across ocean. Blind traveller. See 400ppm, someone dies, left alone, meeting someone, expands their mind? Revealing the simulation? Tetrachromacy ])




quotes
“you need not walk the road, if the meadow adjacent better befits your journey”


“carefully framed in a milky cloud cover, the moon gently drifted into the coming dusk, and at this, the day concluded.”


“Do you ever wonder what happens to those days you’ll never get back?”




People


Atticus (“Ace”) - MC of parts 2 and 3
carries a hand crafted wood ruler, of arbitrary 22cm length, with cut and burn darkened half cm marks


Connie “The Supercomputer” - mathematist bike nomad working on understanding the monster group


Levi - leather worker and mathematist who used the name Levi after coming out as nb because they used discarded jeans button from a Levi brand pair of jeans to make a case for their Caliper. carries a mechanical caliper and repairs them for friends.






“Deer”



400 PPM


* Piss scene. 
(artificial liver to filter toxins from mushrooms)
* Ezekiel confers with an anarchist (who? name?) in Africa via mail, Kiana and Rad include sketches of invention ideas to share. 
* For some reason, (why?), the three need to pilgrimage to Africa via the supermassive bridge created by Statists between south america and africa.
* Rads is the engineer in Free - she must travel to Africa to ensure her rover lands safely 
* Kiana and Rads die somehiow *(how:?)
* They survive, abducted by a statist cannibal (Gee) and tortured, flayed skin removed samples tissue arranged 
* Rads and Kiana kidnapped and imprisoned for study by Gee
* Ezekiel goes on alone, carrying some of the advanced tech they created
* Crashes with a statist who takes him in for a while, an engineer (Gee)
* Gee is allured by the strawberry cube in Ezekiel’s bag, and discovers the tech
* The engineer secretly reverse engineers the technology, discovers its properties
* Uses tech to manipulate Ezekiel’s perception of reality, allows him to see beyond visual spectrum (maybe?)
* Ezekiel’s brain cannot handle the breadth of information it is receiving, and begins to deteriorate (chronic wasting?)
* Gee gets “super”prion (“it was only once. It was only once!” the shout tears into the rippling wind, overpowering the silence of the arid night. “Lord, O Lord, it was but once.. Why? Why me?”)
* Gee is compelled by the voice of God(?) to pilgrimage to the center of Africa (takes strawberry cube artifact from Ezekiel)
* Rads and Kiana yell for help and Ezekiel hears them, reunites
* Gee paints the Messiah




Is there something I'm missing, about gender? About self? Do I have self? Am I a possession of my own? 
Everyone knows what they are and they all have their belongings. What am I? Why can't I tell?


Like, what? Am I trans? 
What the fuck does it matter?
Hmh.
Look at me, don't pout. Look. Do you remember when, how we met?


Holding their head in hand and gentle pet of the hair. 


I love you. 


The cold around and about. open sunward windows in the ceiling and against the front entrance crossbreeze a refreshing reminder. Warmth is the sun, warmth is love. Linen engulfed two up to the heads and theirs was peace. 






""He spoke, assumedly- a garble of sounds estranged at the limit of the range of human speech. There were patterns present in the noise, but no reason, no commonality between phrases as is present in genuine information…""




Gee:
*Attempting to "fix" perceived errors in evolution of homo sapiens, particularly the inherent danger of reproduction, movement, anthropomorphism 


Isn't it? Isn't it terrible? Look. Look at me. This body. Isn't it wrong that I'm designed for rape? I am a fucking loaded gun. It isn't love, not at all. this design is brutality. Violence, a jackhammer. It is not love. Does it not disgust you? That I am designed for this? Don't you see what's wrong with this design? Don't you think we're missing something? Don't you think we are too much? No, I'd never, but this form insinuates it. Violence. Why don't you understand, either?


No, God, no, God… does He exist? I must be erroneous. This isn't right. What system had He made? No, no, no… No, no, it's harm. Creation by destruction. Could I ever fix it? A fundamental flaw?
Aggress. Destruction? I bane will. Perverse, pervasive, petulant waste. I am rape. An archaic bludgeoning. Predation given form. 


Superprion (Byronic ancestor?) All his hate is gone. And he leaves with the cube determined to return to the cradle of mankind, the center of Africa. Stops along the way? 
Solution could be discovery of the prion. A new kind of supermaterial. A megafibril. 


Sudden loss of all negative emotion. Gee becomes Messianic, on voyage to Africa. 


SWEEPER




i am the machine. 


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontonagon,_Michigan 


Machines are numbered- personality(?) Bill obsesses over 75 (sweeper)


unfortunately flightless bird (damaged wings )









Perpetuum / The End of Electronics
new world interior. Collection of all electronics. Everything is integrated. Only goes deeper. Non euclidean: new universe (new dimension?) (Maybe in concatenation structure)
Addt'ly: Chapter is now "Perpetuum / The End of Electronics" - 
In the new reality of the interior, complex brains are utilized for computation, simulation, mass control of networking between brain clusters, no electronics are left: bad omens. The new reality is an interior only, no celestial bodies, no gravity, no orientation. 


The end of electronics may contain the planet Volantra
Or the other way around
In the sense that Iliah Fidlar did exist and was making non euclidean windows and such and one somehow broke in a kind of explosion / implosion of spatial expansion, causing the spatial interior of (maybe just one of the rooms in) Volantra to become infinite






Following the end. Someone discovers free rover sealed away forgotten. And builds electronics again?
→ One ?(?????) One ONe One One ONe One One one one one one one one one one one one 
________________






Mita and The Bicycle


* kids pretending to be nonhuman animals, takes place in (which timeline??)
* confusion over “which mom?”
* clay asks parents about bike, dismissed (yelling?) “sometimes parents fight...”
* An old faded map of the town revealing there was once a bike shop up the hill, next to old man Quincy’s house
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quincy,_Massachusetts 
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Screentone 
* * * * * 

Offspring from the cyclical life nature of Mathematists argues against the use of immortality- "everything dies and that's the way it's always been"
'exxaggerstion of the cycle' argument, debating the potential perspective of a long dead man (Ace?)
^ could occur within Modern Housing story. 


"Ever since the new carpeting jobs have been outsourced to the contracted crew, suddenly we try to save all the carpet we can. Big surprise this fuckin guy is trying to pinch pennies for the mayor."


For some reason sibling ends up in a strip club. 
"So, the place closes on Sundays?"
"Yeah- well, all our best dancers and our highest paying customers are at church!"
His eyes were caught by a revealingly dressed patron and, without excusing himself, he walked off toward the target.
