This will be the first time i utilize this script in the actual opencanon repo. 
So, hello! this script is a simple one i put together and i am very new to bash 
scripting so please have pity on my likely poor choices. this script just takes 
the standard input after its run and folds it into an 80 coloumns wide text 
file timestamped. The simplicity of the script leads me to hope i will utilize 
it for writing more often than i tend to spend not writing as of late. Plus, on 
the lighter/more ancient systems i utilize, a terminal based no distractions 
and no frills text capture method is quite useful. Right now i am listening to 
some... "new age" music. it isnt bad. very light. i was thinking lately of some 
cute scenes i want to make a reality in a nice little feelgood comic. I want to 
practice drawing organic things, not just buildings.. so, i thought up a 
catgirl named Puppy who falls in love with a few of her friends and gets to be 
with a lot of them all at once and openly! can you tell im sick of polyphobia 
in the queer community? anywho, id love a scene where Puppy is in a 
relationship with s- and theyre discussing how much they both love being 
friends with their mutual best friend, tentatively named "A." Possibly a dog 
girl? naming her kitty would be silly. i guess we'll see. anyways Puppy and her 
partner end up confessing to eachother that theyre both mutually attracted to A 
and they decide to.. confess to her themselves, together. a cute scene where A 
agrees to go on a date with them both at the same time would be.. heartwarming. 
it makes me feel lovely inside. a purple glowing flame. Well, beyond that and 
more pertinent to the actual science fiction of my stories: i want to explore 
the reasoning for "nonhuman people" theres probably a better term for that-- 
let's call them nonhumans or posthumans for now. To be clear about something, I 
am a transhumanist, though a lot of my art reflects transhumanism and 
posthumanism as a negative thing:: I dont see anything as "black-and-white," 
ancient boardgames notwithstanding, and i hope thats the right word and now 
"withstanding."
i know its not exactly controversial or really even a hot take to speak to the 
complicated nature of morality but, most specifically, i do think 
posthumanism/transhumanism, (I should look up the differences?) can be applied 
in good and bad ways. Look, for example, to the neuralink- is it spelled like 
that? Here, anyways, we have the wealthiest man with a 
single-digit-and-a-decimal IQ to ever grace the technology sector with his 
repugnant toddler roleplays, and he is pouring a significant fraction of his 
illgotten wealth into the development of technology that should only be 
privatized in a dystopic scenario: see, "Project 2025" for more DARK MAGA 
details. At any rate, i invite any supporters of that man to shut the computer 
off now, or maybe rip to shreds or surrender to another nearby person the paper 
from which you may be reading these words, for i, the author of this text and 
all that incorporated into this branch of the opencanon repository tree, can't 
respect you for any period of existence that you may spend in the remotest iota 
of reverence for anything he mentions even in an offhandedly positive light.
Where were we? Polygamous Puppygirls? Another note on this: I DO NOT intend 
this comic, or any draft for it, to be sexual in nature. I dont write 
pornography, though i have nothing against anyone who does; it simply isnt for 
me. Another thing is, I dont want another, lustful group "anything goes" 
portrayal of polyamory. I firmly believe Polyamory and Polygamy can, and should 
be celebrated as simply the nature of a non-monogamous relationship. That 
being, a relationship containing more than two people, or extending the 
possibility of additional persons beyond two. Many, many, MANY people find this 
concept... repulsive. which saddens. it's not right to me that the most vocal 
advocates for queer rights and justice can turn their backs just as quick as 
retweeting links to pride festivals and celebratory material for self defense 
and queer outreach groups for creation and simple non heteronormative respite, 
and, even jokingly retort "Which one of you suggested an open relationship and 
which one cries to sleep at night?" It may be a wholly personal grievance, for 
i do admit to the simple reality of not being a particularly learned person 
when it comes to politics, politics of identity or queer spaces, i do tend to 
keep to my friends and myself. But the patterns cannot be ignored, not by me.. 
Though, a simple scan of any of my drafts might reveal that i see patterns 
where they do not and ought not to exist, so, who is to say for certain? I did 
not intend this to become an essay or journal entry or anything of the sort. 
But the point remains. I want to make healthy queer love an established 
constant in my fiction. The rare exceptions are,,... well, rare... i believe 
love is the great constant of sapience. how could anything else be true? 
queerness is love... i think it is the most pure form of being for a living 
thing. to love without bound. it warms the pessimistic heart that, murmured, 
circulates my blood. it's getting late. I think that's all for now.