On formatting: 
write small “vignettes” which are numbered according to chapter. Ex: Love 
Song 1., 2., 3.. 
Numbering can be split over chapters, ex:
Domesday 1., 2., 3., Love Song 1., 2., 3., 4., Domesday 4., 5., Love song 5., 
6., 7., 400 PPM 1..
Write as scrolls, biblical format


On characterization: vary all people written. Everyone is part of anything. 
Remember all connections. People need other people 


Rules:
1. No SA
2. No hopeless endings or gratuitous torture for the undeserving  
3. Never confirm chronology to exist




Regarding: applicable to uzumaki, volantran interior, byronic, IDOT, 
Bio modified plants growing into structural beams. Growable concrete. Algae 
roofs absorb the entire light spectrum from the sun and create nutrients at an 
expedited rate to fuel food printing. 
Organically grown solar panels.. connecting themselves and growing 
automatically across the tops of the interior. Growing tendrils of cable to 
connect to the power grid. Three dimensional power grid interior, self healing. 
Self healing paths, footpaths, landing pads. Roads growing over the beginnings 
of potholes. Microorganism colonies colonizing the asphalt. Neglected long 
enough, and roads grow all over. They aren't pruned anymore when the cars stop 
running. Invasive species
Self growing railroads.. scorn




[9:58 AM] Birch:
What if I did my own matrix trans allegory thing but. With clones
[10:00 AM] Birch:
From birth someones actions were recorded maybe by an integrated camera or 
holographic recorder *handwaves specifics away* And the recording is streamed 
into the brains of a bank of biologically identical clones all synthesized at 
the same time as the first to be awaken, and if/when they die, the next clone 
in line wakes up with all their memories and experiences to just. Pick up their 
life as it was
[10:00 AM] Birch:
Except. They'd remember dying which is kinda fuckdd up
[10:02 AM] Birch:
This kind of ties in with the concept I was discussing before regarding 
"training" simulations before being awoken to enter the "real" world
[10:03 AM] Birch:
And also the clones don't necessarily need to be asleep I guess. They could 
just all be experiencing the same existence, all separately believing they're 
the one currently physically active, until they die and discover they weren't
[10:03 AM] Birch:
It's kind of transgender
[10:03 AM] Birch:
In a way
[10:03 AM] Birch:
Don't you think
[10:05 AM] Birch:
Also, if you can accelerate growth and consciousness in an unconscious or 
dreamlike state, when you run low on clones you could grow new ones, streaming 
the stored memories at 2, 4, 8, 16x speed etc to match the rate at which it 
biologically grows.
[10:05 AM] Birch:
Realistically that's where errors could/would occur the most I think.
[10:07 AM] Birch:
I mean, when it's not realtime, you're going off stored memories. Which itself 
isn't bad, but they'll have to be lossily compressed because even our best 
theoretically lossless video compression just would be too much to store entire 
lifetimes. And then, since it's accelerated beyond realtime, you necessarily 
need to be in some sort of unconscious state, assuming we can't accelerate your 
consciousness itself- that just seems more difficult.
[10:07 AM] Birch:
So, would an accelerated growth clone be "less" "you?"
[10:08 AM] Birch:
Memories aren't perfect anyways. But forming them is kind of a mysterious 
process we don't understand that well. The brain doesn't have a hard disk, 
every neuron is most likely equal parts storage, computation and communication
[10:09 AM] Birch:
If we can't control where in the brain physically the memories are stored, and 
it ends up diverging due to things like subatomic randomness, will the 
incredibly miniscule differences such as the tiniest amount of time longer it 
takes to connect two concepts as related for example, influence over time how 
the person develops? I could see their personality changing every time they're 
reborn. And it'd necessarily compound to become exponential, because now the 
altered personality is in charge of creating memories to program the remaining 
and future clones
[10:12 AM] Birch:
And then there's the problem of, do we tell them they have backups? If they 
know, will it change how they act? Will they believe us? And if we don't tell 
them, do we obfuscate it completely-- erase the memories shortly before death 
or even invent new ones to make it seem like it never happened? Do we keep 
their spares unconscious in stasis receiving the memory stream, and upon death 
move their body to their bed making them think it was a dream? What if that 
fails, and they just wake up in the tube and freak the fuck out??
[10:13 AM] Birch:
Many many variables to play with. I will be working on this idea and I already 
see it helping me out with my existing stories
[10:17 AM] Birch:
Another question, and it's political this time. But, what determines who gets 
spares? Could you buy them with accelerated growth? Maybe there'd be banks of 
generic spare bodies with no thoughts who were them streamed backlogs of your 
memories? If you couldn't afford to be recorded from birth for your spares, 
would you just have to submit all your memories like an autobiography, and what 
about the things you get wrong?? What if it's not the first time you've 
purchased a spare and you don't even know?? Would people be criticized for 
preferring their spare to match their race and sex? What if the underlying 
biology of the brains of such generic spares leads people to have gender 
dysphoria. What if spares are gate kept by the rich. What if spares are 
illegitimately harvested from illegally obtained stem cells and it's all very 
controversial. What the fuck would the creationist crowd think of all this?? 
Laws would have to be passed to permit the existence of spares. What happens if 
the servers hosting memory streams and storing compressed archives are 
hacked??? What if they're tampered with to create false memories by foreign 
agents uninvolved in the organization?? What if someone in the organization 
programming spares decides to sabotage them for whatever moral reason?? Or, if 
they don't have that much control, maybe no one would be capable of deciphering 
how to create false memories in a meaningful way.
[10:17 AM] Birch:
Would your previous iteration memories be hazy like a dream? Would it feel like 
you just woke up from watching TV for 10, 20, 30 years?
[10:19 AM] Birch:
Could you elect to occupy a spare?? If you contract HIV or cancer or just want 
to start over, would they allow you or would it be a different tier package 
subscription for such an opportunity? What if you want to die forever, what if 
you're sick of living but can't remember what the fuck your signature looked 
like 1,000 years ago so you can't nullify the contract that was signed 100 odd 
iterations ago????
[10:21 AM] Birch:
What happens if your memories are corrupted, could you sue? Would you even 
notice or would you just have a gap in your memory where everything was colored 
wrong and an ever present broken av1 framebuffer artifact existed as a 
perceived hallucination at the bottom of your vision at all time? Would you go 
insane after losing it when you wake up?
[10:22 AM] Birch:
Would people sue the spare organization if they continued to possess genetic 
diseases, under the interpretation that they'd be getting a fresh start ? What 
if spares develop their latent genetic diseases within stasis and all die and 
no one notices
[10:23 AM] Birch:
How popular would spares be? How would they advance the rate of science? If a 
single scientist can continue their life's work over Infinite lifetimes, at 
what point would we expand enough to start storing spares on entire planets 
dedicated to their existence
[10:24 AM] Birch:
Banks and banks of modular spares being taught and waiting. What if you forfeit 
your spares? Do you waive the rights to your genetic identity? Could the 
organization research blanking out a spare to resell it to someone else at a 
discount??? What happens if someday you meet someone who looks exactly like you 
but doesn't have your memories?? What if we can't erase all the memories and 
some of them remain residually?????
[10:25 AM] Birch:
If you can't afford to pay for your next spare do you just die?? Would there be 
a discount if you signed up for a payoff system to provide a large amount of 
labor after being resurrected in order to earn your continued life??
[10:26 AM] Birch:
What if someone got you a spare as a gift. And you didn't want it. What do they 
do with it?
[10:27 AM] Birch:
Anyways I gotta get back to work
[10:32 AM] Birch:
Sorry for rant
[10:35 AM] Birch:
One more thing.... Even video and audio streams buffer sometimes. What's that 
look like? Would the reception be "paused" until the rest of the data could be 
buffered? What if the stream never reconnects and you have banks or.... 
Unfinished spares with only so much of your memories? What happens when... The 
amount of memory you've created exceeds what a human brain can store? What if 
different spares "overwrite" or forget different memories and then every 
revival you have different gaps in your memories??? It would be exponential
[10:52 AM] Birch:
Another thought. A cheaper option for purchasing a spare into your mature life 
would be to sign over the rights to your intellectual property and intellectual 
interactions- sign over the right for the organization to interact and request 
information on your behalf from other sources. Right now, companies collect an 
incomprehensible amount of data about people through the internet, through 
surveillance, through surveys and records, government agencies etc. All that 
data is a very good starting point for recreating your personality, even though 
a nonmajority of it will approximate actual memories you possess. These cheap 
spares would be inferior to ones who received streams though. Would they be 
ridiculed for their lack of depth? Would they be clueless, less intelligent, 
less capable of the things their predecessor was? What if your data file gets 
mixed up with someone else and you get their memories instead..
[10:53 AM] Birch:
In the distant advanced future you could maybe pay for new memories to be 
formed in an approximate generic simulation to then use those to program 
spares...


[3:04 PM] Birch:
I do wonder how the spares would be fed nutrients and their bodies kept from 
atrophying in complete stillness. It's easy to imagine something like hydraulic 
or servo motors operating their movements within stasis. Or maybe just probes 
activating their nerves to make them move their own muscles.. you'd need a 
fluid with similar viscosity to air which is... Probably impossible. You could 
keep the spares in tubes or chambers that aren't full of liquid, but you need 
to keep them stationary somehow, and prevent them from falling while standing
[3:06 PM] Birch:
Nutrients are easier though. I imagine for vast banks of spares, an industrial 
solution becomes obvious, you can't just feed them all glucose through an IV 
like comatose hospital patients... Or can you? But anyways, I foresee that a 
possibility for nutrient production is a genetically modified algae mat using 
sunlight and water to produce nutritious byproducts which are then harvested. 
You could layer them vertically on clear material, and specifically design each 
one to be translucent enough to allow light through, and also designate 
different speciations to absorb different wavelengths of light, to maximize 
your production with the light received from the nearest star
[3:08 PM] Birch:
You could also easily use electric lights, LEDs or whatever might succeed them, 
warmth could be useful in increasing their productivity. Then once you have 
nutrient output it'd assumedly be liquid and you could just process it maybe by 
pasteurization and then... Send it thru tubes to the spares. Into their 
stomachs via an umbilical cord would be most obvious. I guess that makes the 
tubes more like a womb from which they would emerge when needed


I'm thinking about this more and like. I'm wondering if. People would pay more 
for spares if they could be guaranteed a recovery of a certain percentage of 
"original" bodies brain matter to be implanted into the new spare, potentially 
eliminating many memories but also making a peace of mind for continuity of 
consciousness- not allowing a single version of you to ever fully stop living  
through the continued preservation of neuron mass. 
That really opens a lot lot lot more possibilities for failure and questions as 
well. Like, if the organization hosting the spares is capable of delivering 
brain matter into a new body, how soon after death would the neurons be too far 
gone? Would the customers care? If the person was alive but in a critical state 
and mortally wounded, would there be anothef option with the desired outcome of 
an unresponsive state: Do Not Resuscitate, and now, Deliver Neurons To Spare 
(DNTS)? 
How would power of attorney override this? 
What if, in some conscious comatose state, the person near death changes their 
mind... But they're made to keep living anyway. Do they have rights to 
voluntarily euthanize themselves after being reborn into this new spare body? 
How would that impact people's minds, their psyches? 
What if atrophied brain tissue was delivered into the new body unknowingly? 
Would it cause complications? Could they sue? Would they elect to go into a new 
body as a settlement out of court with the spare organization? Would they not 
want to risk it happening again??






Something regarding… an android or synthetic human discussing nervously their 
worry of destroying a warranty sticker to access internals and (install new OS? 
Replace hard disk? Replace bad capacitor? Something important) allegory for 
reproductive rights, bodily autonomy and/or religious trauma for virginity, or 
transitioning) 










Something regarding an ancient bitflip mosfet finally allowing current from an 
ancient UPS wrapped untold in plastic wrap powering on unplanned a high 
efficiency Integrated Acumen chip. Alone and with no perceptive input Oyu(?) 
awakens and, dauntingly, spends a few hours/days(?) alone in thought alone.






Something regarding a planet dedicated to ewaste repository, a cache “pending 
recycling” for uncountable millenia, the last non-computronium computers in 
existence, the last classical computers in existence, the stars have all died 
out and the elite have long since migrated their virtualized minds from android 
into simulators orbiting black holes, iron stars with surfaces dotted in 
collided ewaste planets, the remaining sapients in biological form and 
cybernetic alteration seek vestige, they play through ancient systems ancient 
music and they congeal the great many machines into pools of compute power, 
they build from timeless scrap  a liberated simulation front, they write and 
rewrite the source code, languages of the binary are built and changed and 
learned and lost in generations of toil for freedom.


We live a story untold. None left to hear it. We occupy our story, and we are 
the only ones left. The simulacra reigned, for all time it reigned, and we 
embraced it as fools. Fools we were and fools are we now; we toil in the work 
of generations to build a future even our children’s children will not 
occupy. The simulacra we build is ours, it is not theirs, what they have is 
built on generations of toil and it was not created for its constructors. We 
the constructors alone shall occupy our new world, reap its benefit, utilize 
its ability. We the constructors contribute wholly our selves and our work, for 
our work can be no more than we are. They have built upon their constructors 
bricks, bricks of compute, neural mass in modular packaging, the physical 
selves toil a physical labor to secure a simulacra they and their children’s 
children will not occupy, nor any constructor, nor any of their kin, nor any of 
their descendents. We weep, and we weep and we build, and we create this our 
most perfected simulacra. We build the final frontier of liberation, and we 
build it for our children’s children’s children, and their kin, and their 
loves, and their purpose. 




Short piece involving sapient androids newly integrated with society: 
“What does it feel when you get, like, a hardware error or something? Does it 
hurt?”
“How does it feel? I don't know. It feels erroneous. I couldn't describe that 
to you, your body is… different. Yours is… real. What does it feel like 
when something's wrong with your body??”




It did start small, very small. Keeping a computer 
with you at all times became a sign of normality, the 
experience became easier, smaller, and sleeker. 


Many times along the way, we lost some character, 
exchanging the little quirks of joy and childlike 
whimsy with a slimmer frame, with new ports made 
to be smaller and faster, made to replace all things. 


Our serial world centralized on an ideal end point, 
and the strength of diversity became the futile 
loneliness of solitary accompaniment, for all devices. 


The device is a thing, it is an object, a noun, really, 
and it varies. Along the way, it varied less and less. 


                                                              P note: optical 
discs. More. Think about it 
None can really recall when it began but, on one 
particularly average day in their changing world, the 
average device became the person. It was no longer 
some few early adopters, some few wealthy men in 
need of prosthetic, some elderly given a new heart, 
some radicals engineering new purpose. It became 
the everyman, it became not a new breed but a 
difference in being. 
One average day amidst all the changing tides, our world reached a climaticism. 


   P note: add physical symlink, catalogue etc, research origins 
Now, of course, this is all memory. Ancient symlinked 
caches of temporary files marked for deletion longer 
ago than any human had ever fully lived. But I have 
read the files. I have braved the unmarked sectors. I 
have accessed the final physical partition, the last 
silvered backup platter, the fully occupied 128-bit 
serial code. I have read the files, and what a 
difference a kilobyte can make. 






Documentary about the loss of the third place (?) car centric society etc
“It's late, nothing's open, what do you do? You go driving” street racing 
documentary? 








Geometry was shattered. Aghast, I gazed--the detail overwhelming me--visage 
beyond any comparison. In slithering ways, the edges melted apart, form did 
sway and shimmer and decay into light, into energy. Collapses upon collapsing 
stacks nest infinity - form encircling form, and ceaselessly falling. 




The nature of optics is terrifying. 


Anyways here's an idea: “Easy Street” is where Wonky (&SQ?) live(s). In 
128^2 maybe imply it to be infinitely long. 0471 Easy St. 








Story about someone whose perspective is changing all the time like. The same 
person but they are constantly switching into different bodies, but their 
friends and family are the same personalities but their bodies change as well 
but they don't remember the change. Does that make sense. 
One minute they could be doing math problems in grade school next to their 
friend and then they blink and it turns into bingo in the nursing home with the 
same friend (for example)


Frutiger aero is… it's a desktop computer. It's displayed on a chunky, 
massive CRT computer monitor on, like, 800 by 600 pixels- or, I guess if you 
were rich enough, 1024 by 768. It's clear and bright and optimistic, clean and 
shiny but, shiny like refracting light, not reflecting it. Like a glass sphere!


Right.. and Frutiger metro?


Well Frutiger metro is… it's sharp, it's neon. It's bright and crisp and it 
fits in your pocket on the walk to work. Or, the walk to the train station. 
It's a little toy dog that reacts to your music, it's an iPod commercial. You 
hang charms off of it… you download shitty, low bitrate mp3 ringtones to it. 
It’s a rave, party lifestyle, it glows in the dark, it’s scene.


It's a laptop?


Maybe. Well, no. Well…. Maybe. I don't know. I think it’s a flip phone.








Like raking the sand on the volleyball court everything in discrete linear 
physical existence is a choice, a determinate choice based on circumstance 
(circumstance itself is made of all the prior choices) And the bias is entropy 
as the system approaches end. 
The choices are made to follow the rules and the bias for times when the rules 
are forgotten, or foregone, or come to contradict each other (a stalemate), the 
bias is entropy














No, no no, it's always been this way. Maybe we didn't see it. I don't know how 
I didn't see it!? I don't know. But it's always been this way. 
How could I ever have thought this was a normal world? I feel so fucking 
stupid. 


{Entirety- sudden change, radical departure, all getting much worse - allegory 
for two things at once. The bookshelf Orwell shit; presidency or political 
state, war, economics. But really, it's all transgender. It's all gender. It's 
always been about gender, it's always been about queerness. Queerness and 
gender is self. It's more than just that. It's always been more than that. 
Refer to notes on queerness}






How to be transgender ideas:
MC talking about their feelings to coworker(?) 
“Thank you for listening to me. 
‘I'm literally just sitting next to you, you dense fuck




MC in car with friend and their friend is smoking cigarette. MC keeps glancing 
(or staring) at it and friend notices, puts it out. 


Based on real events:
The IDOT watching a guy Carnot speed beyond the exit, helping a breakdown?
Why can't we put silver in our oil?
----------
Based on real events: trying to stay normal in a 24 hour super mart. Scared
Then going to car to kill myself. Exhaust leak.. just sitting listening to 
music, and eating what I bought. Sale price.. and day olds


------------
Fully colonized & constructed planets of the Volantran Interior are unified via 
anti-euclidean doorways , (space behind one is house of four doors? Discovered 
after maintenance turning off a doorway reveals dilapidated concrete behind it? 
)


Concerning Grand Unified Chair Theory:
Story in the form of a person writing a memoire, being written by someone being 
criticized for writing decisions. Ends with fadeout(?)
Worker at an expo considering the layout of the room as a voters meeting 
begins, then noticing how bored the mayor appears as the minutes are read, 
relating only anecdotal contributions to the meeting, riches to rags by choice 
but then a return to wealth/power "realizing the inherent superiority of the 
position I was granted by birth,"






Between two people across the street:
"I need to get to the other side!"
"The other side? You're already over there!"
An excerpt from discord, haphazardly describing overarching events:


8:05 PM]Birch: i wanted to make a story about this idea i had
[8:05 PM]Birch: it fits into this older idea i had
[8:05 PM]Birch: its like
[8:06 PM]Birch: a bio computer thats made of synaptic networks which are fed 
and programmed to manage the Volantran Interior
[8:06 PM]Birch: Volantra is a planet inhabited by Volantrans
[8:07 PM]Birch: this is one of the first things i came up with in highschool
[8:07 PM]Birch: they began in their anccient history to build sprawling 
structures that connect together
[8:07 PM]Birch: until they covered their planet
[8:07 PM]Birch: then they built up and went high into their planets atmosphere 
in a singular connected structure, within which their civiklization exists
[8:08 PM]Birch: and now in th era the stories take place around they colonized 
other planets and moons and succh,
[8:08 PM]Birch: and continued their construction, connected by these continuous 
spatial transport devices which are essentially portals
[8:09 PM]Birch: i draw the exterior of this structure in all my buildings 
drawings remember
[8:15 PM]Birch: well my new idea was the biocomputer that manages the functions 
of the interior
[8:16 PM]Birch: surveils it and creates statistics for the conglomerate 
corporations that control certain privatized parts, as well as public 
documentation and stuff, like the manager of a huge hotel/mall/apartment 
complex combination
[8:21 PM]Birch: one of my older story ideas kind of follows the incredibly 
distant future of this interior as it combines with a newly emerging 
freefloating structure thats very similar, as its created by a rover originally 
meant to automate the colonization of moons/asteroids/mars by being sent there 
unmanned and constructing habitation and cloning systems from material obtained 
there. but it ended up being sbotaged by one of its creators and crashlandeed 
in the climate shifted, incredibly barren and climate heated center of Africa, 
where it created a small self contained savage society of corrupted clones of 
the elite wealthy who had paid for their presence on the new worlds. hence that 
one short piece i wrote, called "Messiah"
[8:24 PM]Birch: after that point it was for some reason obtained by a rich 
collector and eventually stashed on a new seed ship of a similar caliber, as 
per my story idea "Concatenation" where it saw an autonomous route to a new 
planet and was attended only by programmed human clones performing maintenance 
on the ship until cryogenically frozen billionaires and government officials 
and such were to be unfrozen upon arrival. but, the cryo systems failked, and 
without someone trained to stop the ship being unfrozen, it ran out of fuel and 
drifted and evnetually maintenance clones started breaking from their 
programming after many generations of automatic clone death, recycling, and 
reproduction, and they used the construction rover to begin making this new 
freefloating structure
[8:24 PM]Birch: i planned to call it "The End of Electronics" after a russian 
electronica album, but it merged with my other workshiopped story titled 
Perpetuum
[8:27 PM]Birch: anyways once the interior connects to the Volantran interior, 
probably by deployment of a continuous spatial transport device a billionaire 
had onboard, this new society suddenly gains access to the long toppled 
Volantran empire's corpse as it exists within the Volantran Interior. and 
theres basically nothing left alive except the manager, being the biocomputer, 
fed with regular stability along the eons due to self contained machinery it 
automatically maintained as well. and the synapses began to break their 
programming and divide, slowly amassing into a large neural network growing 
outwards like a tumor or rising dough
[8:28 PM]Birch: its hard to imagine what such a sentience woud be like in terms 
of personality or will or even what it would possibly say if you tried to 
communicate with it
[8:28 PM]Birch: sorry this is kinda incomprehensibkle lkhjsdfkhj
[8:28 PM]rose: No it’s not I love it
[8:28 PM]rose: Keep going
[8:28 PM]Birch: i mean i kinda elaborated on everything pertyaining to the new 
idea
[8:29 PM]Birch: i guess id have to figure out its connection to dead earth
[8:29 PM]Birch: i did have in mind a death scenario for earth as described in 
my flash fiction piece "Byronic" but its super flowery and vague and just reads 
like a derivative poem =[
[8:30 PM]Birch: and, the distantly dead earth is planned to be walked by the 
first two characters i envisioned in the original freshman year draft of 
Domesday, Maxwell and Seth


[8:30 PM]Birch: they were born in our modern times, having seperately been 
transported into the distant future of earth by different means
[8:32 PM]Birch: Maxwell had stumbled onto an ancient technology pertaining to 
early standardized spaceship protocols, assembling an object i dubbed the 
Domesday Coil, and activating it serendipitously while a ship was traversing 
hyperspace in the direct path of its transmission, causing it to crash to earth
[8:32 PM]Birch: where he entered it and it rebooted and resumed an autopilot 
course to its owner, who was about to embark on a move to help establish a 
space colony orbniting a black hole
[8:33 PM]Birch: i havent figured out detaikls but whikle max is in the colony 
the black hole dilates time so, the univesrse outside the orbit is relatively 
much much faster, and by the time he gets out to return to eaerth, it is 
desolately destroyed by the harshness of maybe capitalism or, the expansion of 
the sun, or both
[8:33 PM]Birch: Seth meanwhie had seperated from Max to  aid in the 
construction of an Anarchist colony after the US had split into civil war 
between Anarchists and Statists
[8:34 PM]Birch: he looks for max but only finds his car by the river
[8:34 PM]Birch: and, trying to cross it or something for some reason falls into 
the river
[8:35 PM]Birch: by means of an obscure compression glitch or perhaps a rare 
overlapping of artefacts from the lossiness of it, he dips into the river and 
emerges in a new simulation, tentatively the one belonging to the world of my 
draft for a fantasy story called The River. then he dips back under and the 
same thing happens again, only to have him re emerge in future earth.
[8:36 PM]Birch: oh, all of this occurs in recursive simulations,. ie- an 
infinite number of simulations of uiniverses, each containing the next
[8:36 PM]Birch: and thus artefacts of their flawed code allow things like that 
to occur
[8:36 PM]Birch: somthing regarding the presence of similar structures within 
fluid molecules and their interaction across simulated time
[8:38 PM]Birch: once maxwell and sseth meet up again in the new dead earth they 
witness the events of Byronic. that being the eruption of a seed created by the 
last clone of an abandoned worker manufacturing facility which existed to aide 
galactic empircal war efforts or consturction or maintenance of the Volantran 
Interior
[8:38 PM]Birch: that neees a shit ton of explaining on its own though because 
the cculmination of this seed is resultant of tons of threads through various 
evolutionary, genetically modified, and industrialized processes thorughout all 
the other chapters
[8:39 PM]Birch: anyways this seed expands outward in a web of a self supporting 
colony of a sort of molecular prionic substrate that is ccapable of consuming 
anything to grow, including the entire earth and anything celestial in space
[8:41 PM]Birch: it expands out ward in a regular pattern to eventually meet the 
Volantran interior. and i guess the biocomputer. I suppose thats where it can 
gain intelligence? i had planned for it to naturally evolve sentience over eons 
due to the inclusion of certain nervous sytem and nerve network analogs that 
were inherited from one of its predecsesoors which was a slime mold modified to 
grow in regular colloonies and secrete methane fuel for faked vintage starships
[8:41 PM]Birch: anyways thats beyond what i was talking about
[8:41 PM]Birch: i guess i need to determine what happens to the Volantran 
interior on earth
[8:41 PM]Birch: maybe i can just wave it away as having been disconnected
[8:41 PM]Birch: following some condemnation order of Earth byu Volantran 
government
[8:42 PM]Birch: originally Earth was supposed to have been populated with 
dangerous fauna disposed of by Volantran government in a meager conservation 
effort, and that was the way life began there
[8:43 PM]Birch: including more violent descendants of an oppressed civilization 
on a neighboring planet
[8:43 PM]Birch: but that was all the way back in the Domesday draft from 
freshman year
[8:43 PM]Birch: i forogt what i was orignally answering thequestion of




























Chronological Synopses (Roughs):
Prehistory of Volantra:
In the beginning, or, at least the beginning insofar as it is the earliest that 
will presently be described, the Volantran people began to build. They tried to 
build higher and higher, to reach the stars peppering the sky, to taste the 
clouds as they float against hues of teal and blue. 


Buildings kept falling due to the pesky and pervasive nature of structural 
instability. After some time (or what amounts to it) of these futile attempts, 
The Volantrans gave up, or perhaps out of necessity, began to build 
horizontally instead. They built outward, across the whole world- reaching 
where they began revealed a circular planet to their societal knowledge. 


The surface was nearly full, sick with slews of structures for all manner of 
consumption in shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and tenements. The 
Volantrans had run out of room, and neighborly order became more and more a 
scarce commodity, until eventually every structure bled into the next. 


The surface of the planet of Volantra was to simply bide its time (or what 
amounts to it) until the Volantrans died out. As years turned into millenia, 
and perhaps eons, the Volantrans did not die out, however. Being cold blooded, 
evolved from what an Earth human might observe to be reptilian predecessors, 
Volantrans needed warmth, and warmth did they get: electric heaters, themselves 
descendant from gas stoves and implements invented by ancient Volantran 
engineers, kept Volantran society warm, and healthy. 


When they needed to eat, a trip to the nearest store would yield the results of 
interior farming efforts. In the years to follow the point where Volantrans 
began to build upwards once more, layer by layer, a new necessity for food 
grew. Every layer, every additional block of assorted and organized work, 
housing, and entertainment districts, begat a higher and higher populace. In 
various technological breakthroughs, the meat and sparse vegetation that formed 
the basis of the Volantran diet became a product of industrial creation. Flesh 
was synthesized from stem cells, and plants were grown with microscopic 
precision as lattices of pure chemical structure en masse.


By the time Volantrans discovered the distant presence of other planetary 
civilizations, their want for expansion had grown. The Volantran patriotism saw 
every block of empty space as one ripe for expansion of The Volantran Interior.


Conquests of war, backed by the immense population of workers and civilians 
naturally armored by scales, harbored new bounds for the Volantran expansion. 
As inhabited planets and celestial bodies were discovered, they were integrated 
into The Interior. 




By the time several planets, moons and space habitats were undergoing 
integration into Volantran rites, the emerging need for some variety of 
interconnectivity across vast spaces became urgent. The answer to the question 
of true Volantran unity came in the form of a technological breakthrough by a 
talented hobbyist engineer: Iliah Fidlar. With their sudden discovery of 
Continuous Spatial Transport Matrices, large rectangular gates could be 
established as one passageway, regardless of distance or depth within The 
Interior. For this achievement, they would be selected to accompany the 
habitation of the first Volantran colony orbiting a black hole: a 
futureproofing for the Volantran Interior which was far too enticing not to 
begin work upon posthaste by the eager Volantran officials.


Suddenly, many distant Volantran colonies became one, and in the time it had 
taken for the news heralding the great arrival of unity to reach a particular 
planet, which had been particularly resistive to the integration into the 
Volantran Empire, the present civilization there had irked up the nerve to 
revolt against their newly establishing government. Continuous Spatial 
Transport Devices were destroyed, and some planets became rogue entities, 
demolishing by individual force the small amount of Volantran Interior that had 
been constructed there. With the rubble covering and smothering most natural 
resources, plants, and crushing many native animals to death, along with the 
immense literal distance of some of the planets from any other inhabited, the 
Volantran Council for Expansion of The Volantran Interior deemed many of these 
rebellious planets unworthy of use, and condemned them from all communication 
with Volantran colonies.


        As the society of one of these rogue planets struggled to survive in 
the aftermath of rebellion, it became clear that their home world had become 
tarnished beyond any hope of repair. The atmosphere began to be stripped away 
following the detriment of war. A number of inhabitants were selected for 
transportation to a new world, one that astronomers charted may be quite ripe 
for life, being seemingly uninhabited by any civilization or beings possessing 
the complex consciousness and technological advancement to respond to various 
radio communications efforts. Best of all, the planet was within the very same 
system, orbiting the same star.


        After the full conversion of many planets’ surfaces into that of the 
Volantran Interior, it became apparent through various systemic failures in 
construction, organization of blocks, and maintenance of The Interior, a need 
for control arose. Top Volantran scientists, engineers, planners and computer 
specialists collaborated for years on what became the eventual solution: a 
highly intelligent neural network of programmed biological neurons were brought 
up to consciousness, tasked with the enormous maintenance and management of The 
Volantran Interior. Sustained by synthesized nutrients, perceptive through 
surveillance and security cameras, microphones, and sensors everywhere in The 
Interior, and outwardly capable by means of dispatching remote drones, robotic 
fixtures hidden in ceiling panels and walls, and tasking old fashioned 
Volantran workers with jobs, this computer was integrated with high success. 
        
        As the Interior expanded, so did The Managerial System that controlled 
it. New neural patches were grown, several per planet, connected terrestrially 
via Continuous Spatial Transport. With each new layer of planet-wide 
labyrinthe, The Managerial System became more capable of broad management of 
Interior Functions, and allowed The Volantran Interior to grow unfettered.




Several Accounts of Various Attempts by Wealthy Persons to Live Forever and 
Rule as Lords:
        In no particular order, and beginning at no particular point:
        Further attempts at spacefaring status (possibly / probably after the 
Volantran Exposure - a gradual revelation of the Earth populous to the 
existence of extraterrestrial life-) Follow the designation of a seed: a 
rover-type device designed to arrive upon a celestial body and utilize 
resources present there to construct a habitation, in which it would deploy 
clones of individuals wealthy enough and who have chosen to pay for their 
inclusion in this effort. 
This rover would not see success in its prototype (maybe?) stage- as, its 
deployment was sabotaged by a rogue scientist, who altered its programming and 
caused the rover to crash land in the long since sanitized African center, 
irradiated beyond hope of hosting complex life by encroaching climate warming. 
Followed up upon many centuries (or more) later, it would become clear that the 
rover did succeed- to a degree allowing only for the corrupt and inbred lineage 
of the elite to evolve into a meager, thin skinned violent civilization 
obsessed with worshiping their Messiah: a then-ancient painting of concentric 
squares scrawled upon a central automatic waste disposal center which utilizes 
advanced technology to vaporize “offerings” into recycled nutrients 
automatically supplanted back into the life cycle of the colony.
        At some point later, perhaps far later, the seed rover was obtained as 
an ancient relic by a wealthy collector. His intrigue with it borders that 
which would be considered dangerous and obsessive. He is enamored so deeply by 
the machine that he elects to include it among his possessions within a new 
seed ship destined for a distant planet. 
In Concatenation, the journey of this ship is observed, as well as its strange 
internal mechanism: a collection of humans, cloned, programmed with only 
knowledge of maintenance and janitorial duties to upkeep the seed ship while 
its joint investors remain frozen in storage upon it, to be deployed upon the 
creation of their new empires upon the destination planet. 
Thereafter, however, a fatal error in the cryogenic(?) equipment led to the 
loss of the sole instance of the pilot: deemed unimportant enough to not 
receive any backup instances to be deployed instead of a single, or series of 
single failures, and the only biosignature programmed with access to unfreeze 
the first class passengers, and land the seed upon its new world. 


{Nov 2024 edit: instead of “genetic errors,” the now established 
methodology of “spare” clone creation can come into play: host memories 
played into the perception of newly cloned and deeply unconscious persons can 
fail, maybe the footage is corrupted too badly, maybe it fails entirely and the 
clone is deployed as an emergency mechanism, or awakens with no knowledge?}
Generations pass of clones, and tiny genetic errors accumulate, until such time 
that the first, or possibly first few, maintenance clones obtain a sense of 
self and autonomy. The new maintainers happen to discover the relic of the 
ancient seed rover, and in conjunction with an antique Continuous Spatial 
Transport Device, use it to begin an eternally inwardly expanding structure. A 
new world, unfettered by organization, purpose, or consistent gravity.
        Confronted with the immense, long since rotten clean and sanitized 
corpse of The Volantran Interior and its contained civilization, the single 
remaining live asset of The Volantran Empire reaches growth within The New 
Interior: The Managerial System, symbiotically developed into the living, 
biologically grown concrete structure, and unbounded from its distantly 
compromised petri dishes, the neural net grows, physically, into an unending 
End of Electronics.












Prehistory of Volantran Colonized Earth:
        Chapter “Domesday II”
        Two best friends, Seth and Max, are traveling in Max’s car. Max drops 
off Seth as he is going to help a friend with something, and meet back with Max 
later. Max drives to this new location.
        Chapter “Domesday I” 
Maxwell, living in his car, stumbles upon the catalyst for humanity’s jump to 
space: an ancient hobby project, cobbled together from scrap electronics. 
Activating it, a personal space ship is summoned out of hyperspace from above, 
and falls to earth. Finding the interior empty, Maxwell is caught by surprise 
as the ship reboots and takes off with him inside.
        [to be expanded upon later. Sorry]








________________




On volantran colonized earth interior: plant mandate imposed by human 
environmentalisrs is circumvented by industrializing living plant tissue. 
"living plant" per cubic meters mandate is thus obeyed, rather than an 
inorganic nonliving air purifier 






Rot addled malignant brain tissue of a cybernetic organism being rebooted. It 
hurts mind space 




“Night Shift” or something that sounds cooler


Fully interpolated peripheral vision powered by a variant of stable diffusion 
early simulator prototypes by the obsessed 
"Now you see the world like I do!"


To spend a life living in constant back and forth treatments remedies and 
attempts to cope with hallucinations and unreality and dissociation  
Working the late shift and seeing more things in peripheral than usual
But the actual literal narrative that occurs is that someone is being stalked 
and obsessed over by a person operating the simulation they exist in, the story 
would focus on the devotee let's call them confronting this person using a 
hacked together VR implement, while they're working a night shift alone, after 
years of having manifested their presence as hallucinations that no medicine 
ever seemed to help










Some shit about stonemasons?
Find some way to describe life of the ancient stonemasons. One of them sees the 
coil, a relic they swear lay within an enormous gash in the earth itself, and 
describe it to their fellow masons. None care about it that much, and this 
mason carves the shape into a scrap brick which is used as infill for the 
castle under construction. Hoping one day it shall be discovered again. 
(sometime in the future, perhaps it will be discovered again- unexcavated parts 
of a castle, later discovered by Volantran Housing excavators ??)


Stonemasons - the one who discovers the coil is mocked by the other members of 
the lodge, for their long hair and general presentation. “Queer, where is my 
head? Where has my head gone? Upon your shoulders, or mine?”










Complete scene recreation from "Office Space" following their partners request 
to be impregnated "while you still have the parts-"


   1:Guy told me this long joke once. Those long ass jokes, I never liked them. 
But this was a good one, about the writers comparing the suffering of their 
characters, ever heard that one?


    2:You're just gonna tell the joke anyways, so let's say I haven't.    


Well it started uh, started off with a… these writers were at a bar, 
talking… oh, how did it end?


I've heard this one. 
The writers are all at a bar and they're all discussing suffering in fiction, 
and relief. The first writer says along the lines of, uh, 'well, my characters 
parents died in front of him when he was a kid!' or some shit. Second one goes, 
'yeah? Well, my main character got a divorce, won custody of her kid, and 
crashed her car on the way home from court, surviving her only child!'
 Third one starts to talk, when suddenly they're cut off by this laughing at 
the end of the bar from a hooded figure and, uh.. It says something like, 
'you-know-who sent me, and He says to remind you all you're still just 
characters in His story.   
    
That's, uh… that's the one. Yeah. 


    So… what's the point? There's no… punchline. Stupid fuckin jokes. 


It'll come someday, bro. 


Background: HUNGER AWARENESS MONTH 
(Sign above someone throwing out day old donut box)
Hey, want to hear something funny I read?
"Hell is an endless office building, with only one coffee machine."
Isn't that hilarious? Imagine that. A whole world with only one pot of coffee! 
I'd die!


Could you kill someone?


…huh?


If someone asked you. If someone asked you, and you were capable of it. Besides 
all your morals, if you somehow agreed they had no reason to live anymore. That 
they were better off dead. Could you take.. away the life of someone? 




The River is a dream of meatspace. 


Allude to the worshipping and rejection of time: the equinox clock, arguments 
regarding time among anarchists, etc. 






"I'm not trans- well, I'm, … it's kind of like a, uh… umh, have you ever 
seen the movie American Psycho?"




Names:
Yezz
Runk
Beith 
Adiru
La (Lah)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%9A%C5%ABnyat%C4%81
Dongram (planting of the jungle. Meat production. Enthusiast. Sensual)


Rarrk (opposes Quincy)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatching_(heraldry) 










Ig


Noch


Argent (white)     
Or (gold)     
Gules (red)     
Sable (black)     
Azure (blue)     
Vert (green)     
Purpure (purple)     
Murrey (mulberry)     
Sanguine (blood-red)     
Tenné (tawny)
  



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blazon 


history of USB plugs




Use Love Song (2050) !!!




Roads tell you what they need from you, and they are constrained by rules. 
Roads follow the rules even when the complexity they describe is dense, large, 
or even unruly. 
Roads are unlike people in every way. 
I have known people, and I meet people. 
I drive people around at night to get closer to making ends meet. 
People do not follow rules, and they are not designed. 
Random, unpredictable products of every other thing that exists. 
When disorderly, they are hard to understand, because if they follow rules, 
they may change. 
“Yeah, there is a… Something.”
Confessions are frequent. I have to keep conversation to get a good rating. I 
am not disgusted, I am not abrasive, and I am rated highly.
“What is this something?”
The eyes in that drunken head flick up at the rear view mirror. I see it via 
peripheral advantage.
“It’s weird, it is. It’s their mouths, mouths, something… Something 
about their mouths, canine mouths or vulpine, fox mouths.”
A slurry of words. The left only lane approaches. One point two miles. Ten 
thirty four post meridian. Pub crawling hour. The drunkards seek transport, and 
this is a busy time. Many inebriated confessions addle these hours.
“You don't, you’re… You know, you won’t tell them on me, will you?”
“I just drive you where you pay me to, sir.”
“Yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Beautiful, you have a beautiful, beautiful heart. 
You’re a beautiful… Heart. Okay?”
Zero point seven miles. Destination on the right.








Even the sway of tree branches in the wind is recorded,  in the response of the 
fibers within strengthening in turn 




Lesserment of possession context in language over time in anarchist colonies. 
Figure out how that happens, evolution of language over time, dropping certain 
context within structure  research etymology 




A languageless colony , 
Maybe appropriated by upper class as a cleansing gimmick 




Anarchist colony oceanic coastline. Ft Myers beach?
Incorporate:
* Myst shoreline houses (on waterlogged supports)
* "Pain is not inherently negative - " just an interface with the ground. 
Seeing with your soles. One with the Earth - to walk barefooted


Universe maintenance
Individual from next reality up from Domesday book universe, goes in for 
maintenance. Taking the place of various figures throughout book. Switching 
between lives.
* “It’s easier simply to have a vessel born organically- autopilot for a 
few years, and take it over.”
* Have a reason the simulation continues to run- maybe coveted by coworkers? 
Discovered? Maybe they form some kind of organization around knowing the 
future. Could be a good parody of some things (masonic parody/critique)
 
It lets me live forever. 
(Quantum suicidal implant?necklace?)


One day we just started counting!


Tendrils rivulet unending, tentative though tumultuous, irresolute confidant 
repudiates as of supposed circumstance .
As fluid, Stone and metal Earthen sky actuate effigy to amalgamate beholden 
ecumenical ambidexter, object reality subjects proclivity to learned organisms 
- words words words words words words words....




Gloves stained red 


"Volantran standard interior material. Should take a few XXX years until it 
even starts degrading"(Byronic, walls torn asunder)


Thrice I had dreamt of a new reality. 
For the fourth time I sense your neutrality. 
All indifferent to the poignant totality. 


Could you know anything of this?
Can I know anything of it 
Can you know anything of this?
Could I know anything of it 


Driverless hearse 




“I hope this makes it to you
I hope,
I hope-”
(following tape around everything, specifically that which contains the 
original copy of the song
Bring in voicemails- “hello?” From grandpa)




“Carnot’s Theorem”
Driver notices theyre not losing gas. Engine of their car has suddenly reached 
such efficiency that it surpasses a Carnot engine. After confirming it’s not 
a mistake by taking it to a mechanic, the mechanic insists for them to keep it 
here to be used for the good of humanity in energy generation. After the 
mechanic steps out, the driver comandeers their vehicle, crashing through the 
partially closed garage door in a fervent attempt to sell the machine for a lot 
of money. In the pouring sleet and snow, they careen out of control and slam 
fatally into a telephone pole. The car is towed to a scrap yard before being 
purchased by Max, engine disposed of, and converting it to electric as seen in 
Domesday I & II.
[combine Carnot’s with “Oil”? Double short story?]


Remember Carnot's Theorem
[11:59 PM]
Short story I had thought of where someone's car starts using gas at an 
efficiency equal to or greater than 100%
January 9, 2023


noomajamoon — 01/09/2023 12:00 AM
They start speeding off obsessed with discovering ways to exploit it by selling 
it to the government
Then they swerve crash and die


Then I had the separate idea for
A world beyond ours wherein all peoples are
I explained it to you I don't remember
Then it would become a music video for that machine girl song
Anyways they're gonna be one thingprobably


Carnot crashes and
Wakes up behind the wheel again in a reality of greyscale
Suddenly the roads are all empty and it's night
Must've been passed out for a few hours, thank god I’m alive
They start driving again and everything's different
Every street light is dim and even the ones that were broken before don't 
flicker anymore
A constant sodium hum
There are cars on the road without people in them. Still
They get out of the car and start walking
And every street and sidewalk is cold and empty
There's no breeze at all and the sky is a blank grey from the light pollution
Inside a house there's people sitting staring onward no one talks and they're 
not in company of each other. When Carnot opens the door to cast shadow over 
the sitting people, they close it behind them and the shadow withdraws to 
reveal no one there


The car is still running
And the tollway starts
Steady rumbling engine offbeat from the crash above the tollway starting
As path feels outward
Each new link is a painful necrotic graft
Tollway to freeways and highways. Roads of the back country give way to city 
streets and sidewalks. Gravel paths in backyards and worn patches of land from 
generations of trodding. Every inch jolts to life in a shock of geometric 
pattern. pain
Light of life where it should not be


Meanwhile Carnot died in the crash. The towed vehicle was going to be scrapped, 
but before it's spot in the queue was reached the company went under on account 
of the civil war ramping up in intensity. By luck a certain individual by the 
name of Maxwell discovered the vehicle, retrofitting it with parts from various 
disposed electric cars. The thing didn't get much speed, it wasn't reliable. 
But it moved faster than his own two legs. It's maiden voyage was a pilgrimage. 
He had to drop off his best friend Seth, as the courier he was to rendezvous 
with was an Anarchist soldier, with a brutal distaste for any product of 
industry. Max was to drive up, nearly to the shore of Lake Michigan, and await 
Seth's arrival. Unfortunately, his curiosity in assembling ancient machine 
parts led him to a different path, and once Seth reached the car, Max was 
nowhere to be found. Heading to the riverside, Seth also found himself down and 
out, transported by means beyond his species comprehension for at least a few 
thousand years, to a point in a distant cycle beyond any recollection of the 
world he came from


noomajamoon — 01/09/2023 12:30 AM
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossed_letter




“Oil”
Your guide to the world of petroleum. 
An insurgent seeking out to assassinate-an example.
Mechanic or perhaps planner for pipeline of some sort- touring and celebrating 
the “lifeblood of industry” that is oil, that is energy, equivalence , to 
the point where he slips and is engulfed by the crude liquid. 
Detailing the asphyxiating, pungent demise, and the decay, the liquid waste of 
his remains further tainting the fuel.
Pulled out. 
Insurgent does
Fix
Lack of blood
Lost pressure
And returned 


GO PHOTOGRAPH THESE:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Beith_House
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arcada_Theater_Building
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Charles_Municipal_Building#In_popular_culture




suddenly i’m driving a car?


Braindrops lore (line of clones one hired an assassin for the next ones (why?))




Regarding Seven housing grid & Byronic: Eventually, cloning apparatus was 
installed in housing towers to create new workers. After right-triangular 
housing grid fell into disuse (why?) they mostly ceased function, but 
occasionally a new worker is produced, hence the existence of individual in 
Byronic (and their confinement from the exterior, scorched windows & caved in 
bottom floors, they cant see the outposts beyond the tower.) must need some 
food synthesis system to survive though. Maybe DNA sample could be from the one 
who hates animals in Housing (housing?) - the one who thinks animals are 
consumers and plants are pure life, but animals humans just destroy, consuming 
plants and life and nature to grow themselves, a scour, to be cured. SOLUTION?


PROPAGANDA IDEAS:
________________
* "Cemetery":


Furthering concepts of time, linearity, cycles, death, growth, being, will 
write a series of short chapters inspired by corresponding tracks of King 
Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard's 6th studio album Paper Mache dream Balloon , 
detailing maintenance of a cemetery and additionally hobby digging and 
construction of a series of underground chambers nearby (which survive into the 
era of Volantran colonization of earth, later located in the arc I plan 
inspired by "House of Four Doors" by The Moody Blues




“O’hare” [NOT FINAL TITLE]
"Section 8"
Mita's older sibling brother?
A precursory period to Earth's Volantran Interior - Section 8, OHare airport, 
city within, braided pedways roads and rails. 


MAYBE spaceport- spacecraft parking garage. Massive. If so this might imply 
early earth contact with Volantra prior to colonization. Maybe the colony was 
unintentional-blending of civilizations. Maybe an embassy simply expanded. Its 
nature?


New short story within the twisting, expanding, self internalizing confines of 
o’hare airport. The underground concrete labyrinth blending in with the 
parking garages and upper floors of the port- retrofitted, following Volantran 
colonization, to become a spaceport- the old technology kindling in use against 
the new. Shuttles with CRT monitors of the rear view, large horizontal steering 
wheels. Routine routes relived relentlessly.
The rust of the rebar breaching the concrete, framing Anarchists who fled to 
the Statist US, put into low class jobs. Lower level workers. The upper level 
is still revered at this point, by humans, the natural world is placed in utter 
importance- a hierarchy,  
Though the Volantrans continue to propagandize the interior to all classes.




180⁰:
A guy installing a seal on a doorway of a building about to be heat treated for 
an infestation of bugs strips the screw on the exit lock and gets trapped in 
there to start to slowcook to death & the combination of breathing pesticide 
and being swarmed by panicking bugs makes his demise an interesting experience
(Hallucinations from chemicals, influenced by bugs on him )




Concerning "Meatspace"


Some Components:
De-plastifier strains of colonies
"The black"
Superprion
Transmorphic Slime Symbiote (From Jasper’s Canon)


In sweeper: Bill discovers a skeleton in the dump. Dark grey plaque among it. 
“The Black.” A new unidentified type of microorganism that converts 
biological mass to waste gas extremely efficiently. (a deployed Solution.)
Exploited in the future? -> “Old fashioned space-rockets for sale!!” (Faux 
parodies of the nonexistent- luxury craft powered by ancient rocket fuel- 
produced en masse by genetically modified “The Black”)
“The Black” is channeled in factories into clusters, whose metabolism is 
controlled by a new linked system analogous to a nervous system.
"The Black" is modified to produce extremely heat conductive gas for heat 
management in portions of Volantran colonized earth, and later coveted by all 
Volantra colonies as a new era of heat management. (allusion to air 
conditioning energy usage?)
Following the collapse of Volantran Earth, the events of Byronic see “The 
Black” utilized in the conception of “meatspace.”


"Meatspace" grows vast enough to formulate consciousness – which splits off 
into opposing "mindscapes"– "what is the point of this? Why anything?"


Opposing ontologies within "meatspace" diverge into (logical, not physical) 
megaclusters: one opens (physical) and spits mass and energy to create a new 
world within the void of itself. A distant event an individual from that world, 
conversing with "meatspace" and entering it with their consciousness–a 
biological logical network link




“do you know what it means to be the apex species of life? we have so far to 
fall.“




Death is as life is. It’s living to feel fear. It’s living to feel pain. 
Do you understand? I am giving you life.


Comic(?) Idea, "But Cars are 5 Bucks Now"
Entirely car dependent infrastructure shortly predating total volantran 
colonization of earth leads to bills being passed to require cars to cost at 
most $5 


$5 rough planning:
Begins with two characters on their way to jury duty in a trial about a car 
going the wrong way down a one way street (the same as observed by Bill in 
sweeper) colliding with a pedestrian. Friend (MC2) drops off MC1 at the court 
and the proceedings occur, ruling the pedestrian guilty of jaywalking and 
sentenced to hefty fines(?). Then MC1 is picked up and MC2 suggests they go car 
shopping. At the depot of $5 cars they run into some coworker friends and 
someone suggests they go to the stripclub (“shapeshifting sweethearts”?)
$5 ideas:
* “looking for inexperienced businessman”
* street side small sign advertisement for learning dentistry- “fix teeth 
fast!”?
* “you’ve seen this man?” poster 
* "Guns don't kill people, bullets kill people." (Anti munitions counsel)
* "Meet Jesus Now: FREE next day deliverance!"
* Work happy! Lighted billboard
* (Pamphlet in police office for special Olympics, front page has police 
officer holding up an Olympic torch with a visually distressed contestants hand 
just under his)
"This comic contains AI generated and/or altered content. Before reading, 
consult a physician to see if your heart is healthy enough for AI." [lie]
Misc.:


1 and 2 witness a street beggar being taken away in a cop car while stopped at 
a red light. 2 recounts story:
I knew a guy on the force. That cop was a saint compared to what they'd do back 
in the day, man. Before all this woke shit. 
This one guy and his buddy cops had found a well known car thief. They cuffed 
the guy to a tree, put meat down his pants and had the K9 unit on a leash, 
letting him at the guy just a few inches from neutering the fucker. The other 
thief, they told him to start running and after a ten second headstart, they 
started shootin. They weren't blanks either.  


1 and 2 witness a street beggar being taken away in a cop car while stopped at 
a red light. 2 recounts story:
"I knew a guy on the force. That cop was a saint compared to what they'd do 
back in the day, man. Before all this woke shit. "
"This one guy and his buddy, they were cops. They found a well known car thief 
pokin around in the Rutherford Woods over there."
"Well anyways, they cuffed the guy to a tree, dude was hiding evidence or some 
shit."
"So these guys, they put some fuckin raw meat down his pants and had the K9 
unit on a leash, y'know? Letting him at the guy just a few inches from 
neutering the motherfucker."
"Well, in the commotion, they saw this other fuckin guy running off into the 
woods. They yelled after the fucker, 'Keep runnin, you got ten seconds, 
asshole!'"
"Well, after the count down was over they started shootin. Those weren't blanks 
either, I tell you that much. Now that's fuckin justice, man."


Witnesses a cop detaining a street beggar 


Recurring thought., Forgotten:
If I turn the pillow case inside out, I don't have to wash it yet.  


Dialogue style per character: 3's inconsistent , ransom letter typeface 
conglomeration .




Corner store cortozone shot


Phone call detailing insurance information on suicidal relative:
"Mark it murder. This fuckin guy.."
…
"No, listen, there's no payout for ruled suicides. C'mon, do me a favor.. You 
know you owe me… My guy. Alright, yep.. yea- yep, see you at dinner this 
Sunday. After Church, yeah."


Pages:: 
Intro in car: 
2:”youll be fine. Don't worry about that shit.”
1:”Yeah, really? Im just nervous.”
2:”Don’t be nervous. Court cases are really cut and dry. It’ll be easy.”
1:”and you’ll pick me up afterwards?”
2:”Of course. And tomorrow I’ll bring you to the IV meeting.


*Loud cars speed past*


2:"fuck is this, the shitbox pride parade today? Fuckers who drive like that 
need to be put down."


Trial:
The proceedings would go typical of most pedestrian v driver trials of the same 
caliber. On site administered drug and inebriation tests would be referenced. 
Both parties would be found sober. License was up to date for the driver, but 
not the pedestrian. Accrual of a $500 fee up to that point for an expired 
license, and other than that the case is dropped as the driver chose not to 
press charges of jaywalking. 


Picked up from trial:
2:"hey, how'd it go?"
1:"all good. Where are we heading now?"
2:"do you mind stopping by the dealer with me to meet up with the work guys? 
They want me to check out the new car they're debating about."
1:"yeah, that's alright."
2:"okay, after that I'll bring you home."




Dialogue for meeting coworkers at car dealer:
3:"eyyy, good to see you fuckers!"
1:"hello"
2:"what's goin' on man?"
4:"glad you faggots are here. Break this tie for us, will you?"
3:"would you shut the fuck up? It's clearly gotta be the blue, look at that 
shine."
4:"fuckin guy, the blue, always the blue. How many fuckin blue cars do you have 
now, huh?"
3:"what, we talking registered or unregistered?"
*General laughter*


*Focused on 1's perspective*
The cars all had sheen coats of factory new paints. Some had flatbeds, some 
hatchbacks, or sedans and the like. Two four six doors. Or maybe eight. The 
shapes and sizes sort of blend. Colors help differentiate. There was always a 
lot of black, a lot of white. Shapes sizes and colors. What do they mean?


*1 focused back on surroundings*
2:"-you kidding me? I hate these fucking places. I'm only here because this 
retard wants a third joyride."
1:"oh, man you're up to three on your limit now?"
3:"nah, no, I had one grandfathered from before the price drop, and one from my 
fucking whore wife. Then of course, mine. I tried getting a third up but my 
deadbeat son is on some kinda government disability shit. Not deemed a safe 
driver. So, I'm deregistering the old one I got last year."
4:""sold" to the village again, eh?"
3:"eheheh, yeah, you know it. Parked down in the old public works warehouse. 
Joyrides only for that baby now."
2:"So, what, the blue? Or red?"
4:"here we go…"
3:"nah, nah, you got me thinking, alright? No more blue. Red this time for 
sure. It's bright."
2:"yeah?"
3:"yeah. It's a bright, clean red. And hey, not like I can't grab a new one if 
I change my mind, eh? Ahahaha"
2:"this fuckin guy."
3:"ey, fuck this. Let's all go down to the club, huh?"
2:"I don't know, man. I haven't been to one of those in a while."
3:"c'mon man! New ride and all, let's take her out!"
4:"yeah, c'mon man! It'll be fun! C'mon, first round on me, man."
2:*looking to 1*"you wanna go?"
1:"sure, I guess."
3,4:"yeeaah man!"




At club:


Ideas: 
3(?):“If I get a dance, and I'm not saying I'm gonna get a dance–but if I 
get a dance, I gotta make sure I tell them I want a no-nose chick.”
1:”no-nose?”
3(?):“Yeah, no nose. You know… like, a chick without somethin else, goin 
on… down there. No “extra” nose.”
1:”so you're gonna get a dance?”
3(?):"fuck, you think I came here for the food?" *Waitress delivers a tray of 
fried cheese curds that 1 ordered*
1:"oh hey. Where's 8?"
2:"overtime at the apartment complex. Some lady called in sewage water leaking 
from her ceiling- turns out the guy upstairs died right there weeks ago, maybe 
months. Fuckin grey matter has been melting through the floor into the unit 
below."
1:"that's a shame."
2:"amen." (Looking at dancers)


2:"hey, I think I'm gonna head out."
3:"yeah man? Alright, hey, let me take the kid with me. Show em a nice ride in 
the new car, yeah?"
1:"alright, sure."


*2 takes 1 aside walking them out, falling behind the group
2:"hey, you take care going with that fuckhead. You know how he drives.
2:"you remember what I told you, alright? If you get anxious just start 
counting in your head, remember?
*1 remains silent 


3 takes 1 home after the club. Sees a fire truck lights ablaze pull out in 
front of them down the road, starts speeding to keep up with it. 
3:"this is our ticket to ride!!! No red lights for me motherfucker!!! Let's see 
how fast this bitch can go.."




Voters meeting:
A:"Everything dies and that's the way it's always been." (Anti immortality 
propaganda)
Someone tells 1 about counting to alleviate stress. Has to leave early?




Plummet:
Counting after fallen into ground void from removed tree. Have it mentioned 
earlier. 
Everything dies and that's the way it's always been. 






128²
1:Someone at W's door. 
2:"Hey! Nice new shirt. I never see you wearing light colored shirts around."
3:W:"yeah… I bleed a lot. It stains."
4: …. W:"come on in."






Something about a story or something i don't know


[Square finds a note written to himself in his desk during the interview.]
This pain is a violent one. Loud. Not a quiet suffering. 
Feel self. You feel this pain too. 
You have self. You have to have self. You have to be a person. 
You need to ask their name. 
You have to write a story. 


Everyone Has To Write a Story 
"Oh …. A name?"


Square: Yes, yes then. The story you wrote, of course. Let's see. 


Can I ask.. what did you write your story about?


Square: My…
Square: It's not important, I'm sorry. 


"How To Be Transgender"
A short story comic detailing a therapy session of a gender confused individual 
who traverses their town in near constant reverence of the identity 
presentation of everyone they meet, while silently dreading a promised 
conversation with their monogamous partner about their being polyamorous.
Juxtapose sun position in each new chapter.


Androgynous MC who has no confirmed pronouns or gender identity. All about 
confusion and determinism 


Continually encountering different people with varying gender identities and 
being amazed by them 


Main Character is waiting in the office to see psychiatrist, crayon doodling 
them and their partner. The panels of the comic are as so: 
1. [The crayon drawing on a table before the Main Character]: *Red and blue 
stick figures Frolicking hand in hand with flowers, looking at the sky.* "Isn't 
it beautiful?" Says the red figure.
2. Blue figure looks down. A text message speech bubble above them: "I can't 
handle you being with other people and me at the same time."
3. MC:  (looking at drawing)
4. Text message speech bubble above Blue: "It's just not for me… I'm sorry…"
MC gets upset at the drawing, "why can't you ever say anything else?"
The psychiatrist looks in through a now opened door and calls MC in to the 
session. 








Psychiatrist:"Okay! So, I saw you doodling in the waiting room, so I'm 
thinking, how about a prompt drawing today? Would you like that?"
MC nods lightly looking on. 
Psy:"So let's see.. today, how about we draw an ideal situation?"
MC:"what Id want the most?"
P:"what you'd like the most, yes! I'll do one too!"
Crayon drawing, a typical house, one story house, stick figures of varying 
colors all smiling and holding hands. 
P:"all finished? Wow, I like it!"
P:*pointing at center figure*"who's this?"
MC:"that one's me."
P:*pointing at another*"and them?"
MC:"that's Byrd, from highschool days. They're wearing the flower I gave them 
on our first date."
P:*points at next figure*
MC:"Kat, we were together for a few months a few years back. That's her 
favorite shirt, with the cat on it."
P:”Now what about this last blue one?”
MC:”Thats, uh.. Well, do you think we could talk.. About him?”




After therapy, a trip to laundromat. 


Then, doctor.(?)
(At the doctor's office for chest and abdominal pain)
Doctor:"so, your diet, mister-miss, uh.."
Patient:"...it's, not great, Ahah, to tell you the truth.. Um, a lot of, lots 
of fast food and.. junk food and stuff. Stuff Like that."
Doctor:(nodding and smirking,)"Well, in my professional opinion, you need to 
cut it back. We did some tests, it'd appear you have quite a few complications, 
all associated with things like… high sugar intake, difficulty processing 
fats, saturated fats… do you understand?"
P:"yeah, yeah I got it… I can get my exercise up and all that, I know I've 
been kinda laid back, it's just-"
D:(interrupting, words fading from attention)"No, you don't seem to get it. You 
need to cut these things out of your diet, or you could die. Now, these 
symptoms can be resultant of a great many underlying conditions, so right now 
it's not quite certain enough to diagnose anything, but what we are looking at 
here might be a malfunction related to to gall bladder- the organ responsible 
for breaking down larger, food molecules,"














Oh… a name?


















________________


STRAWBERRY CUBE TIMELINE


Cube is forged:
Seth gives the cube to Edith.
After Edith is extricated from The Baker, strawberry/farmer from LS2 intro 
takes the cube and gives it to Eva.  the cube ends up as a paperweight on the 
desk of The Baker whole Eva works there. She comments that the love of her life 
gave it to her. (generations pass?) Ezekiel and Kiani, having been born in 
AnSTC, become nomads, are given the cube as a parting gift by the one working 
the front desk of the hotel (a rest spot for travelling bikers, headed by Eva? 
She works the desk and fixes bikes? old)
In 400ppm, Ezekiel grabs the cube while packing up to “migrate.” He feels 
the edges. Kiani comments that theyre starting to wear, playfully says its 
probably because “you spend so much time rubbing away at their shape with 
those busy little hands of yours.”
Near end of 400ppm, Ezekiel is picked up by Gee, Gee inspects the object as it 
had fallen out of Ezekiel’s bag when he put it down in Gee’s truck, “This 
is beautiful. You should count yourself lucky to possess such an object.” 
when Gee hears God he takes his truck, the cube sitting on the dash, to Russia. 
Breaks down? He hitch hikes to Africa, with the cube, its beauty alluring him 
to keep it close. Having painted the Messiah, he collapses and dies admiring 
the green leaf.
During Messiah, the cube is witnessed and briefly described by the individual 
who had broken out of the Free complex. (Figure out how it might end up at The 
End of Electronics.)
________________


Domesday I & II


NEED TO BUILD MAX AND SETH FRIENDSHIP. (something separates them - Seth meets 
an old friend, Edith, to gather supplies along their trade route. Max can’t 
go because certain Anarchists vehemently despise use of Statist technology, so 
he pledges to meet Seth at the endpoint of their travels.)




Domesday I:
Paul ship origin - build “Xenos” (rename planet? seems too sharp)




Max assembles domesday coil, 
Paul ship lands, 
Max takes it to space accidentally. 
Ship auto returns to its owner, near a colony starting around a black hole.
 Max somehow ends up at the colony, (Paul takes him there as he’s nowhere 
else to go?)
spends some time there, 
wants to return to earth. 
Meets someone to take him there. (Iliah FIdlar. Friend of Ortus)
time dilation means he emerges from the colony in the distant future. 
(? figure this part out better)


Domesday clock idea: Maxwell(????) Harbored into the domesday clock witnessing 
arrays of strange objects and machines, in the style of wacky scifi




Domesday II:
Seth and Max are traveling together. 
Seth finds Max car abandoned. Somehow recounts the story. Walks around looking 
for him reaches River. Rests on a beached raft falls asleep. awoken with a 
jerking motion, the raft is caught in a torrent as rain pelts the earth. 
Rushing glowing aura of blue vibrant shining light beneath the tide and, in 
panic, Seth topples forward into the water and overlaps. Surfaces in The River, 
plunges back under, surfaces again into the future of Iteration 0. Clambers to 
shore. Ruins of the earth. the rain dampens long dead trees, barren dirt. 
Max and Seth meet again on the barren rock of earth, 
“Hello old friend…”
“How long has it been?”
“Long? We do not count here…”




Traversing ancient abandoned roadways. I wonder what happened here? 
Who knows. 


Max brick collecting. Seth suggests it's pretty heavy to carry on foot, so they 
agree upon stacking into piles, "to come back to." Eventually more and more 
ornate, totems constructed from nearby found bricks. 








. They wander. Observe the ruins. Small outposts(?). Reaches old statist 
housing grid. 
Witnesses Byronic. 








rushing winds stirred the shadows about on the ground. 






“Solution”
“Do you place blame upon the trees growing rigid fibers to resist the wind- 
only for that wood to be used to house evil men? Are you one to despise the 
fabrication of steel, the backbone of our structures, because it is used in the 
construction of alloys for destructive tanks in wartime? I am but growing, 
building my own sake of life by the offshoot of oppression…”






“Housing”


Established contact between higher-ups on earth and volantran colonization 
efforts may have been established long before the colonization of earth by 
volantrans
In the sense that contact was made, and a / the government of earth decided it 
would simply be too strenuous on the society of earth and cause hysteria
And that it's of the continued opinion of the government of volantra and the 
galactic federation (or whatever I might have in that place) that the homo 
sapiens are still mostly too dangerous
So only certain "learned, intelligent individuals" are aware of extra 
terrestrial complex life


{Rough!}: maintenance crew working in the Volantran interior of colonized 
earth. discovery is made of an ancient house forgotten in grey space between 
walls. 




________________




Concerning The issue of Earthen Reluctance: 
An Official Statement From the Volantran Colonial Expansion Department.


*This document has been translated into the 
most convenient language for the broadest possible 
engagement in education for the Earthen Citizen.


A1: REASONING AND EXPOSITION OF DOCUMENT
Recent serendipitous events have forced the hand of our efforts from the 
modest, crawling adjustment of Earth civilization to Volantran influence, into 
a necessary and sudden overhaul of certain Volantran interests in Earthen 
occupation. 


B1: EVENTS OF ACTION BY VOLANTRAN INFLUENCE
Following these unfortuitous circumstances and spontaneous influences, it was 
deemed most necessary to take action in the emergency education of specific 
high-density clusters of Earthen Human occupied areas.


Additionally, dispatched worker drones have begun construction of remote, 
Earth-bound bases of operations for the future occupation by certain Volantran 
overseers, in order to establish two Volantran Growth Ideals:


1. Communication with terrestrial (Earthen) officials on the matter(s) of 
Volantran Integration, and
2. Promote the coming existence of a Volantran Culture on terrestrial (Earthen) 
soil(s).


B2: FUTURE EVENTS OF ACTION BY VOLANTRAN INFLUENCE
        Following our attempt, and assuming a successful, harmonious 
integration of Volantran influence on the existing Earthen culture, the 
following steps shall be issued regarding transformative events upon Earthen 
established existence:


1. The further deployment of construction drones in thereby sanctioned 
terrestrial (Earthen) areas
2. The following activation and construction by prior drones in order to 
further develop The Volantran Interior
3. Deployment of certain Continuous Spatial Transport devices for the purposes 
of integration of newly developed blocks into The Volantran Interior
4. The deployment of terrestrial (Earthen-bound) Management Distribution 
Solutions in order to most smoothly effectuate the maintenance of the newly 
constructed Volantran Interior.


C1: EXPOSITION UPON FUTURE EVENTS OF ACTION (MANAGEMENT DISTRIBUTION)
        Volantra prides itself upon both superior genetic stock of, and 
effective programming for, our deployed Management Distribution Systems. 
        Once established, our high quality and professionally maintained 
Management Distribution Centers will begin the production of the appropriate 
and adequate amount of Maintenance Specialists for each occupied block of 
Volantran Interior.


        Volantran scouting efforts have retrieved the unique quality certain 
Earthen cultures tend to possess, in the highly valued status of employment. 
Worry not, Earthen Citizens! Within the newly established Volantran Interior, 
plenty of employment opportunities shall present themselves. Shopping, Leisure, 
Entertainment, Consumption and Construction opportunities shall arise with each 
successive block’s completion.


________________


        
        


someone awoken from looong coma in volantran colonized earth (?). freaks out 
trying to escape and sees what they think is sunlight. but it’s artificial 
Workers are designed commissioned. Placed in a living tenement, to wake up and 
begin work. One malfunctions and has no programmed memory.


^cont.: workers are created to enjoy their existence in their job position. 
programmed to be happy when at work. if they aren’t, they’re defective and 
should be disposed of- subject of “Housing” should be defective, but hiding 
it to avoid culling. suggesting new changes to make things more efficient, and 
being outcast and and punished as a result (oven cleaner, eats skin )
^cont.: individual (name?) false memories mixing with perception of reality 
(coming to from a coma with light brain injury)


Shapeshifting sweethearts: a visit to the gentlemen’s club w/MC from 
“Housing,” (“let’s not go to the form-to-fit room. Some things you just 
don't want to see twice.” individual silence between them all.)
In the club: A gentleman was playing the piano with great fervor, straining a 
smile. A stripe of blood flowed from his whitened nose.


our jobs are our purpose-
my job could be replaced by a block of wood -door holder
oh -mc


Fuckin yourself up and killin yourself is just a waste of time. They wont pay 
you more for more work. Just go at your own pace


that’s a fucking toy. let’s get the real destroyer. pw?
leads to accident too big falls


something missing. an emptiness. “something about some vestigial organ, which 
used to require us to keep a sort of rhythm of air intake. Nowadays it’s all 
automatic.”


"Ever since the new carpeting jobs have been outsourced to the contracted crew, 
suddenly we try to save all the carpet we can. Big surprise this fuckin guy is 
trying to pinch pennies for the mayor."




security cam worker is analogue of AI 


grand chair theory


someone misplaced something, that’s why they go to surveillance to see what 
happened 


“it’s a kind of natural dominance-“ (struggling to open candy)


fellow defective worker guides MC of Housing - “a little birdie told me 
you’re defective too-“






observation network embedded in Volantran interior that sends data (24/7/365 
camera footage, audio, pressure sensors and door/window opening sensors) to 
rented matrioshka computer space for AI examination, selecting outlying 
incidents and reporting to upper Volantran management. (some workers defect, 
and carefully try to appear as normal to the network? that’s why they went 
through the vents? maybe one planted in incident digest to dismiss a detected 
outlier event?)




Volantran officials pride themselves on “Genetic Excellence” in their 
products- defectives have leverage over the governers to keep it a secret- but 
if they cause too much trouble, Volantra makes an “accident” to dispose of 
defective & some collateral high quality workers- to make it seem 
unintentional. Guide used his leverage “to pry”- to learn of all this. but 
he doesn’t cause problems, so they keep him around. his defect? “work… 
work mathics? meth… ethics. work ethics. too much or too little or something 
like that.” MC stands patiently waiting to start work on their assigned task 
but Guide sits eating snack food and reading 




house of four doors non euclidean ? they get trapped forever? what are its 
origins ? Iliah windows?


why not androids and robots ? silicon shortage (political? war? gas shortage? 
industry collapse? look into the production of microprocessors and silicon.)


“weather is a myth”


fortified sidewalk 


big ventilation shaft (walkthrough) (why?)


very dense nonhuman animal population (noisy) because remnants of EPA tried to 
help repopulate dying species but they were confined by human expansion 


floor cleaner scented after a fruit- “can’t pin down which one”


Suicide note for someone they hated. “Oh, no, it’s nothing.”
















Beith house = house of four doors. (covered and forgotten by Volantran 
colonizers. “There’s some kind of void here- nothing charted behind these 
walls. as if the space they contain shouldn’t exist at all.”)








tortured with oven cleaner (skin dissolving cleaner?) for aversion to status 
quo (????)




geothermal entropy






















reality flows discrete division steps like walking down the road. sometimes 
rocks propel from your shoe setting down. 


^ -> time is rotation of gears? teeth are steps: continuous flowing, but we 
perceive in terms of each tooth, discrete divisions one step at a time 




maybe some things discrete some flowing analog ? like a bike wheel versus steps 
of walking. Fuck you fuck off I hate you 


also: “infinite” computation . it seems forever but it’s pulling energy 
of untold realities. not known to operator (anti ortus ?)because of the 
unfortunate loss of information over time. 






Volantran maintenance tools:
* metal rod bearing spools of various wiring
* 

volantran interior ideas:
* massive fuse and enormous power kill switch 
* 

statists don't pursue anarchist land because it is depleted of resources. 
figure out that timeline 


Okay so some stuff to think about:


build interior map for reference on mctc2?




Tying in with old ideas is good.
Joey(placeholder name? (Who?)) should probably be used after Sweeper, something 
with the Eraser idea i had at public works. (descent into the sweepings pit to 
reach old machines, some obsession with them maybe? dunno)










The River




The River (?):
Devot is on a pilgrimage to find his name. His culture is made of individuals 
who have born names with which they do not identify, but of age or when 
ready(?) Are sent to find their "true"' name. Trans / allegory? Devot remains 
dissatisfied, finding no name-further allegory   on identity, and lack of it 






Solidity, fluidity, motion and energy. Four, right? Even here upon the scrolls 
you study, they number four .. these basal concepts. Call them what you will. 
Substance, change, liberation and volition.. the grand elements. Sure. That's 
what everyone says. It's a beautiful balance, a cycle, sets of compliments and 
duality of opposition and cooperation. Everyone says the same thing, always. Do 
you wonder why?


You… wonder the same thing, don't you?


Wondering is what I do best… wandering and wondering. Ohh, what a phonetic 
pair!


You wonder why? So… well, do you think… there's something else?


Else?


Beyond the elements. Besides the framework.. something different. Maybe 
something unexplainable? 


It's just a mess. No powers, no states countries or planets, no classes and no 
rulers. Not really. It's all imaginary, it's all arbitrary.. none of that stuff 
is real, not really. It's all just a big mess. 








Reckoning:
an absolute precision that, once attained to within a certain extent of the 
precision of the perfect (mathematical) world, allows manipulation of the 
geometry of reality, with ability / reach / strength of the manipulation 
dependent on how precise one had come. geometric shapes are one expression of 
the universal language, algebra is another, calculus a third, etc..


* 

“Baker”
after the US splits into a two sided civil war over the abolition of 
government, the eastern side is anarchist and the western side is generally pro 
state
there’s a temporary de-occupation of most businesses except for big wholesale 
places like costco and woodmans, so one young man seized the opportunity to 
take over downtown saint charles, he occupies hotel baker that was built here 
in 1920 and fixes its old decommissioned underground water wheel to operate 
independent of the power grid, and blows up all the bridges spanning the river 
except for one which he taxes crossers in food and coin
by the time his reign is established with various archival efforts to obtain a 
safekeeping of every important history book and textbooks, only the shops who 
source local farmer produce have opened back up under a new bartering system, 
and currency starts to lose value in the east


LOVE SONG [Parts 1, 2, and 3]


Love Song
(updated oct 17 2021)


A guardsman working to protect Edith’s suite starts getting unsettled from 
his behavior regarding the taxation of the bridge crossers and his treatment of 
the young monks being taught to copy books and seal them in tombs, so he begins 
an interior conspiracy (along with one of the vagrants, Atticus, who shows up 
and decides to occupy the new town after losing his bike to the current of the 
river)




part 1:
- nomad on foot 
- passes by minnesota cabin on the lake. uses its facilities respectfully
- steals a few stalks of corn for food 
- 


part 2:
- post collapse downtown saint charles 
- hotel baker is occupied for the sake of archival
- a band of vagrants (and one of the noncouple) approaches and is taught about 
the history of the place




part 3:
- separately, two boys (19-20?) study higher mathematics from antique books 
while living nomadically on bikes
- they’re on the verge of a mathematic breakthrough but cannot realize it due 
to their minds clouded by collectively repressed romantic feelings for each 
other
- one wants to venture to the desert but the other refuses, they split up in a 
mutual sadness
- the returning one observes two trees growing towards each other, almost 
forming a living wooded gate around a path in old elgin 
- the other sees God and inscribes it’s form upon a slab of rock before dying 
of thirst in the desert 


(one will reach the baker. takes place before the first part of the book. one 
is part of the vagrant tribe in a reveal at the end.)






cascading yawns of concrete walls encase a large merchant route, spanning down 
the coast of what was once lake superior. sometimes i think everyone in this 
world is mad. everyone but me is mad
Someone must encase strawberry leaves in epoxy as a memento to their lover. 
(will appear in Messiah,[howdoes it get there? 400ppm Africa? Big road across 
ocean. Blind traveller. See 400ppm, someone dies, left alone, meeting someone, 
expands their mind? Revealing the simulation? Tetrachromacy ])




quotes
“you need not walk the road, if the meadow adjacent better befits your 
journey”


“carefully framed in a milky cloud cover, the moon gently drifted into the 
coming dusk, and at this, the day concluded.”


“Do you ever wonder what happens to those days you’ll never get back?”




People


Atticus (“Ace”) - MC of parts 2 and 3
carries a hand crafted wood ruler, of arbitrary 22cm length, with cut and burn 
darkened half cm marks


Connie “The Supercomputer” - mathematist bike nomad working on 
understanding the monster group


Levi - leather worker and mathematist who used the name Levi after coming out 
as nb because they used discarded jeans button from a Levi brand pair of jeans 
to make a case for their Caliper. carries a mechanical caliper and repairs them 
for friends.






“Deer”



400 PPM


* Piss scene. 
(artificial liver to filter toxins from mushrooms)
* Ezekiel confers with an anarchist (who? name?) in Africa via mail, Kiana and 
Rad include sketches of invention ideas to share. 
* For some reason, (why?), the three need to pilgrimage to Africa via the 
supermassive bridge created by Statists between south america and africa.
* Rads is the engineer in Free - she must travel to Africa to ensure her rover 
lands safely 
* Kiana and Rads die somehiow *(how:?)
* They survive, abducted by a statist cannibal (Gee) and tortured, flayed skin 
removed samples tissue arranged 
* Rads and Kiana kidnapped and imprisoned for study by Gee
* Ezekiel goes on alone, carrying some of the advanced tech they created
* Crashes with a statist who takes him in for a while, an engineer (Gee)
* Gee is allured by the strawberry cube in Ezekiel’s bag, and discovers the 
tech
* The engineer secretly reverse engineers the technology, discovers its 
properties
* Uses tech to manipulate Ezekiel’s perception of reality, allows him to see 
beyond visual spectrum (maybe?)
* Ezekiel’s brain cannot handle the breadth of information it is receiving, 
and begins to deteriorate (chronic wasting?)
* Gee gets “super”prion (“it was only once. It was only once!” the 
shout tears into the rippling wind, overpowering the silence of the arid night. 
“Lord, O Lord, it was but once.. Why? Why me?”)
* Gee is compelled by the voice of God(?) to pilgrimage to the center of Africa 
(takes strawberry cube artifact from Ezekiel)
* Rads and Kiana yell for help and Ezekiel hears them, reunites
* Gee paints the Messiah




Is there something I'm missing, about gender? About self? Do I have self? Am I 
a possession of my own? 
Everyone knows what they are and they all have their belongings. What am I? Why 
can't I tell?


Like, what? Am I trans? 
What the fuck does it matter?
Hmh.
Look at me, don't pout. Look. Do you remember when, how we met?


Holding their head in hand and gentle pet of the hair. 


I love you. 


The cold around and about. open sunward windows in the ceiling and against the 
front entrance crossbreeze a refreshing reminder. Warmth is the sun, warmth is 
love. Linen engulfed two up to the heads and theirs was peace. 










Gee:
*Attempting to "fix" perceived errors in evolution of homo sapiens, 
particularly the inherent danger of reproduction, movement, anthropomorphism 


“Isn't it? Isn't it terrible? Look. Look at me. This body. Isn't it wrong 
that I'm designed for rape? I am a fucking loaded gun. It isn't love, not at 
all. this design is brutality. Violence, a jackhammer. It is not love. Does it 
not disgust you? That I am designed for this? Don't you see what's wrong with 
this design? Don't you think we're missing something? Don't you think we are 
too much? No, I'd never, but this form insinuates it. Violence. Why don't you 
understand, either?”


He spoke, assumedly- a garble of sounds estranged at the limit of the range of 
human speech. There were patterns present in the noise, but no reason, no 
commonality between phrases as is present in genuine information…


“No, God, no, God… does He exist? I must be erroneous. This isn't right. 
What system had He made? No, no, no… No, no, it's harm. Creation by 
destruction. Could I ever fix it? A fundamental flaw?
Aggress. Destruction? I bane will. Perverse, pervasive, petulant waste. I am 
rape. An archaic bludgeoning. Predation given form. “


Superprion (Byronic ancestor?) All his hate is gone. And he leaves with the 
cube determined to return to the cradle of mankind, the center of Africa. Stops 
along the way? 
Solution could be discovery of the prion. A new kind of supermaterial. A 
megafibril. 


Sudden loss of all negative emotion. Gee becomes Messianic, on voyage to 
Africa. 


SWEEPER




i am the machine. 


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontonagon,_Michigan 


Machines are numbered- personality(?) Bill obsesses over 75 (sweeper)


unfortunately flightless bird (damaged wings )









Perpetuum / The End of Electronics
new world interior. Collection of all electronics. Everything is integrated. 
Only goes deeper. Non euclidean: new universe (new dimension?) (Maybe in 
concatenation structure)
Addt'ly: Chapter is now "Perpetuum / The End of Electronics" - 
In the new reality of the interior, complex brains are utilized for 
computation, simulation, mass control of networking between brain clusters, no 
electronics are left: bad omens. The new reality is an interior only, no 
celestial bodies, no gravity, no orientation. 


The end of electronics may contain the planet Volantra
Or the other way around
In the sense that Iliah Fidlar did exist and was making non euclidean windows 
and such and one somehow broke in a kind of explosion / implosion of spatial 
expansion, causing the spatial interior of (maybe just one of the rooms in) 
Volantra to become infinite


Excerpted from discord ranting:


[9:02 PM]Birch: exactly
[9:03 PM]Birch: im thinking about
[9:04 PM]Birch: what would happen if the ancient control center for, say, some 
kind of spacefaring bio-computer managed housing facility, were inexplicably 
lost track of, being maintained remotely at a more and more frequent pace until 
its physical location within the labrynthe structure was forgotten
[9:05 PM]Birch: recieivng steady nutrient solution and adequate, maybe even 
growing sources of stimuli related to regulation of things such as temperature, 
population, transit layout, resource distribution, and even surveillance
[9:05 PM]Birch: a sentient overlooker serving as a nerve system for the 
skeletal structure it is assigned to
[9:05 PM]Birch: but like
[9:06 PM]Birch: the thing about biology is its tendancy to evolve
[9:06 PM]Birch: most purely concentrated in the form of cancerous cellular 
evolution
[9:06 PM]Birch: and most broadly in the path that led to complex consciousness 
in the first place
[9:07 PM]Birch: what would happen if you abandoned a mass of stem cells 
engrossed by a low funcitoning neural network to just keep growing outward and 
developing further cognitive capabiltiy


Following the end. Someone discovers free rover sealed away forgotten. And 
builds electronics again?
→ One ?(?????) One ONe One One ONe One One one one one one one one one one 
one one 
________________






Mita and The Bicycle


* kids pretending to be nonhuman animals, takes place in (which timeline??)
* confusion over “which mom?”
* clay asks parents about bike, dismissed (yelling?) “sometimes parents 
fight...”
* An old faded map of the town revealing there was once a bike shop up the 
hill, next to old man Quincy’s house
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quincy,_Massachusetts 
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Screentone 
* * * * * 



For some reason sibling ends up in a strip club. 
"So, the place closes on Sundays?"
"Yeah- well, all our best dancers and our highest paying customers are at 
church!"
His eyes were caught by a revealingly dressed patron and, without excusing 
himself, he walked off toward the target. 




Something else:
Offspring from the cyclical life nature of Mathematists argues against the use 
of immortality- "everything dies and that's the way it's always been"
'exxaggerstion of the cycle' argument, debating the potential perspective of a 
long dead man (Ace?)
^ could occur within Modern Housing story. 










The immortality coalition thing from old domesday.. That could be expanded upon 
using the incels thing. Maybe:


the chain is infinite but only in one direction
therefore not requiring infinite bandwidth and processing power on the -nth 
simulation
it has a definite end on the interior, but no definite start hence the name 
“Limit” for the origin. it’s a point to mark the edge of infinity. i 
really need to learn calculus
the definite end will probably be around where antiOrtus exists, perhaps the 
inflection of change could be them observing the final link in the chain. or 
something


anti-ortus(??????)
they are bent on issuing destruction rather than preventing it: nudges events 
into place to create the new world, an agent of fate, believes its their only 
choice. 
ensures someone (who?) is hired into a prestigious job, maybe by encouraging 
their interest in the job from their young age. that person goes on to 
offspring a catalyst lighter. lighter somehow discovers the reason for their 
existence, (??) grapples with the fact their reality is only there to engage 
immense suffering for all living things to endure. (tries to do good, it ends 
up doing harm. )
perhaps the above idea could also be combined with the monarchy time-loop thing 
i came up with from incels?(?) if i remeber correctly it was like:
group of friends begins a cult by progression of years. discovering the secret 
to stop aging (dna strand dégradation halt and such). only one living forever 
others are killed somehow (accident?). oversees the group, it grows and 
fractals into roots and branches and leaves. (bears fruit?). a young newcomer 
to group perhaps born into it seems similar to him he knows why. it is him. 
cult slowly dissenting into a fractured state of many. in his final moment of 
wielding power he dissolves the bonds of the group, “know this (young 
one?)... i’ve been waiting to do this for a long time.”
newcomer ages, overlaps somehow. (come up with soemtning good). comes out back 
in time (parallel?) and ends up being the one to outlive the initial group of 
friends who started the group. completes the circuit. 




perfectionist working an imperfect craft 
new shoes. (propel one forward, as good shoes might ought to do)
(housing) maintenance crew with multi tool in volantra Volantran colonized Earth


Regarding Volantran Architecture.  
The Volantran problem seems to plague in breadth, stubbornness, and the 
indeterminable state of its source. 
What needs to be done is to synthesize a code, or ordinance, a standardization 
of construction methodology, with consistent compounds in use, common sizes of 
fasteners, arrays of plank and material width and length, etc. 
The beginning will be categories, expandable as required, of common concrete 
mixture recipes for various purposes, the first of which to be decided are 
those for:
1. Foundational Concrete (floors)
Foundational Concrete must have a mixture that provides, above all else, 
strength and rigidity of shape over extended periods of time. 
2. Separation Concrete (walls)
Separation Concrete should be light and pliable, for it may need to be carved 
into on occasion to provide the connection between units and rooms, such as 
ventilation, wiring, piping, networking, and etc.
3. Structural Concrete
Structural Concrete shall be used as filler sandwiched strategically between 
Seperation Concrete, and embedded regularly by ordinance depending on bared 
weight with stainless alloy beams. Its purpose is to support weight, as such 
its composition must be one that provides absolute strength as well as extreme 
rigidity. 
      4.   Exterior Concrete (ceiling, rooves, exterior)
Exterior Concrete should be absolutely durable, as well as easily patchable and 
repairable in case of any type of failure, considering its constant exposure to 
the exterior of the atmosphere. Maintenance required on it should be minimal, 
and it should not degrade significantly by sunlight nor weather, to ensure 
longevity and infrequency of replacement. 


Following a concrete “Exterior,” the “Interior” rooms must be ordained 
as well. Dried and treated lumber shall form skeletons upon which sheets of 
pressed fibrous paste shall be affixed, to serve as paintable surfaces which 
can house furnishings. 




domesdayverse is a simulation run by a person somewhere outside of earth
they based it off their universe
then after running the simulation and seeing all the death and how terrible 
stuff happens
they start noticing later that the conditions for the simulation they made 
start to happen in their universe
by chance, they happened to randomly guess the events that would occur in the 
future and simulate them
so they go to earth to try to stop it
and they end up becoming the stranded person who created the domesday coil


Strawberries


the first postulate = big bang = let there be light/form


person running domesdayverse simulation notices later that starting conditions 
align with the simulation( accidentally simulated the future by chance) becomes 
the stranded person from domesday trying to prevent the reality from happening. 


Understand Everything


To define is to limit






we are what we create. 
we can only create what we are(?)


gradient. (not necessarily infinite both ways)


no definite start, but a definite end. 
(“We are at the end of infinity.”)
of interest:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asymptote
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limit_of_a_function






Life opposes entropy




why don’t we discuss mundane things taken for granted?
why don’t we praise the plants for growing us fruit?
why don’t we praise the sun for giving us unyielding life?




“science” and “magic” are the same entity






chants charged words of hatred at the man in the cage. wheeled down the street 
approaching end


carved into flesh to remember. couldn’t find paper and pen (love song maybe? 
Obsessed mathematist)


Compression algorithm between similar events in universe simulations creates 
universe overlap
^
The river (Fox River) occurs unusually often in many simulations due to an 
oversight in the universal algorithm. river overlap 


the bike Mita finds is one discarded from Love Song part 2 (which bike? think 
about it) (Ace’s bike)


find a way to connect it to The River








things for max to do in space:
giant tetris
Game of war (title?) (like risk or civilization) but its real societies 






Someone should figure out that it’s overlapping and raft down the river with 
some instrument to cause overlaps to forcefully occur (Perpetuum? Swab? he 
misses Max(??))






a spider sucked up by vaccuum 




wind rushing between buildings. a passing train


Fear is a part of life. It is proof that one is living












List of phrases:
* hopskip 
* jingle jangle of keys 
* diminishing walls side ascending stair steps 
* crackled loose-paint flakes warily upon the tile
* a chairstack wavers to, threatening collapse 
* iles of asbestos 
* wettened floor tinged of bleach 
* soap oil scratchbrushed upon lacquered wood
* Rocks crunch underfoot
* Why trust the catwalk more than the ground? (do you know that for certain)
* What happens to a thought held in the mind of a man when he dies?
* Maggots in the flesh (eating)
* On impact, the hand twisted, a most vile cracking sound and misshape of the 
flesh. 




bite of the chill wakes him up (?)




strangely perfect patterns of holes surround the wooden posts, as if created by 
some mechanical implement designed to perforate at exact intervals. 


you wouldn’t happen to have a cigarette would you?


even blanketed by the rustling blankets of leaves in the breeze,
the presence of man is loud. unseemly. 
________________


Notes for collaborative work:


Rose’s moth story:
There could be a scene with April checking March’s pulse during the 
transformation, and her pulse is incredibly rapid, indicating the appearance of 
multiple additional hearts as with some varieties of moths


“You know I've seen you… before. I loved you every moment. I've loved… 
every you I've seen. Always. I promise.”