Chronological Synopsis (Rough):

Prehistory of Volantra:

In the beginning, or, at least the beginning insofar as it is the earliest that will presently be described, the Volantran people began to build. They tried to build higher and higher, to reach the stars peppering the sky, to taste the clouds as they float against hues of teal and blue. 

Buildings kept falling due to the pesky and pervasive nature of structural instability. After some time (or what amounts to it) of these futile attempts, The Volantrans gave up, or perhaps out of necessity, began to build horizontally instead. They built outward, across the whole world- reaching where they began revealed a circular planet to their societal knowledge. 

The surface was nearly full, sick with slews of structures for all manner of consumption in shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and tenements. The Volantrans had run out of room, and neighborly order became more and more a scarce commodity, until eventually every structure bled into the next. 

The surface of the planet of Volantra was to simply bide its time (or what amounts to it) until the Volantrans died out. As years turned into millenia, and perhaps eons, the Volantrans did not die out, however. Being cold blooded, evolved from what an Earth human might observe to be reptilian predecessors, Volantrans needed warmth, and warmth did they get: electric heaters, themselves descendant from gas stoves and implements invented by ancient Volantran engineers, kept Volantran society warm, and healthy. 

When they needed to eat, a trip to the nearest store would yield the results of interior farming efforts. In the years to follow the point where Volantrans began to build upwards once more, layer by layer, a new necessity for food grew. Every layer, every additional block of assorted and organized work, housing, and entertainment districts, begat a higher and higher populace. In various technological breakthroughs, the meat and sparse vegetation that formed the basis of the Volantran diet became a product of industrial creation. Flesh was synthesized from stem cells, and plants were grown with microscopic precision as lattices of pure chemical structure en masse.

By the time Volantrans discovered the distant presence of other planetary civilizations, their want for expansion had grown. The Volantran patriotism saw every block of empty space as one ripe for expansion of The Volantran Interior.

Conquests of war, backed by the immense population of workers and civilians naturally armored by scales, harbored new bounds for the Volantran expansion. As inhabited planets and celestial bodies were discovered, they were integrated into The Interior. 


By the time several planets, moons and space habitats were undergoing integration into Volantran rites, the emerging need for some variety of interconnectivity across vast spaces became urgent. The answer to the question of true Volantran unity came in the form of a technological breakthrough by a talented hobbyist engineer: Iliah Fidlar. With their sudden discovery of Continuous Spatial Transport Matrices, large rectangular gates could be established as one passageway, regardless of distance or depth within The Interior. For this achievement, they would be selected to accompany the habitation of the first Volantran Colony orbiting a black hole: a futureproofing for the Volantran Interior which was far too enticing not to begin work upon posthaste by the eager Volantran officials.

Suddenly, distant Volantan colonies became one, and in the time it had taken for the news heralding the great arrival of unity to reach a particular planet, which had been particularly resistive to the integration into the Volantran Empire, the present civilization there had irked up the nerve to revolt against their newly establishing government. Continuous Spatial Transport Devices were destroyed, and the planet became a rogue entity, demolishing by individual force the small amount of Volantran Interior that had been constructed there. With the rubble covering and smothering most natural resources, plants, and crushing many native animals to death, along with the immense literal distance of the planet from any other inhabited, the Volantran Council for Expansion of The Volantran Interior deemed the planet unworthy of use, and condemned it from all communication with Volantran colonies.

	As the society of this rogued planet struggled to survive in the aftermath of rebellion, it became clear that their home world had become tarnished beyond any hope of repair. The atmosphere began to be stripped away, following the detriment of war. A number of inhabitants were selected for transportation to a new world, one that astronomers charted may be quite ripe for life, being seemingly uninhabited by any civilization or beings possessing the complex consciousness and technological advancement to respond to various radio communications efforts. Best of all, the planet was within the very same system, orbiting the same star.

	After the full conversion of many planets’ surfaces into that of the Volantran Interior, it became apparent through various systemic failures in construction, organization of blocks, and maintenance of The Interior, a need for control arose. Top Volantran scientists, engineers, planners and computer specialists collaborated for years on what became the eventual solution: a highly intelligent neural network of programmed biological neurons were brought up to consciousness, tasked with the enormous maintenance and management of The Volantran Interior. Sustained by synthesized nutrients, perceptive through surveillance and security cameras, microphones, and sensors everywhere in The Interior, and outwardly capable by means of dispatching remote drones, robotic fixtures hidden in ceiling panels and walls, and tasking old fashioned Volantran workers with jobs, this computer was integrated with high success. 
	
	As the Interior expanded, so did The Managerial System that controlled it. New neural patches were grown, several per planet, connected terrestrially via Continuous Spatial Transport. With each new layer of planet-wide labyrinthe, The Managerial System became more capable of broad management of Interior Functions, and allowed The Volantran Interior to grow unfettered.
	
	
	
	
Several Accounts of Various Attempts by Wealthy Persons to Live Forever and Rule as Lords:

	In no particular order, and beginning at no particular point:
	Further attempts at spacefaring status (possibly / probably after the Volantran Exposure - a gradual revelation of the Earth populous to the existence of extraterrestrial life-) Follow the designation of a seed: a rover-type device designed to arrive upon a celestial body and utilize resources present there to construct a habitation, in which it would deploy clones of individuals wealthy enough and who have chosen to pay for their inclusion in this effort. 
This rover would not see success in its prototype (maybe?) stage- as, its deployment was sabotaged by a rogue scientist, who sabotaged its programming and caused the rover to crash land in the long since sanitized African center, irradiated beyond hope of hosting complex life by encroaching climate warming. 
Followed up upon many centuries (or more) later, it would become clear that the rover did succeed- to a degree allowing only for the corrupt and inbred lineage of the elite to evolve into a meager, thin skinned violent civilization obsessed with worshiping their Messiah: a then-ancient painting of concentric squares scrawled upon a central automatic waste disposal center which utilizes advanced technology to vaporize “offerings” into recycled nutrients automatically supplanted back into the life cycle of the colony.
	At some point later, perhaps far later, the seed rover was obtained as an ancient relic by a wealthy collector. His intrigue with it borders that which would be considered dangerous and obsessive. He is enamored so deeply by the machine that he elects to include it among his possessions within a new seed ship destined for a distant planet. 
In Concatenation, the journey of this ship is observed, as well as its strange internal mechanism: a collection of humans, cloned, programmed with only knowledge of maintenance and janitorial duties to upkeep the seed ship while its joint investors remain frozen in storage upon it, to be deployed upon the creation of their new empires upon the destination planet. 
Thereafter, however, a fatal error in the cryogenic(?) equipment led to the loss of the sole instance of the pilot: deemed unimportant enough to not receive any backup instances to be deployed instead of a single, or series of single failures, and the only biosignature programmed with access to unfreeze the first class passengers, and land the seed upon its new world. 
Generations pass of clones, and tiny genetic errors accumulate, until such time that the first, or possibly first few, maintenance clones obtain a sense of self and autonomy. The new maintainers happen to discover the relic of the ancient seed rover, and in conjunction with an antique Continuous Spatial Transport Device, use it to begin an eternally inwardly expanding structure. A new world, unfettered by organization, purpose, or consistent gravity.
	Confronted with the immense, long since rotten clean and sanitized corpse of The Volantran Interior and its contained civilization, the single remaining live asset of The Volantran Empire reaches growth within The New Interior: The Managerial System, unbounded from its distantly compromised petri dishes, the neural net grows, physically, into an unending End of Electronics.


